URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-barcelona/
Title: 12 Places To Visit In Barcelona For A Joyous Spanish Tour
Description: The best places to visit in Barcelona for a refreshing and memorable trip to Spain in 2023. Find places like parks, monuments, museums, and more in this list.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        12 Amazing Places To Visit In Barcelona That Will Make You Fall In Love With The City

        ..
        SHARES

        03 Apr  2023

            Written by Kanika Saxena

Known for its charming alleyways, cheerful beaches, and lovely pieces of modernist architecture, the city of Barcelona truly personifies the word ‘vivacity’. Therefore, be it a peaceful family vacation or an amorous honeymoon, the vibrant capital of Catalunya would be a perfect destination for you. So, if you are visiting Barcelona for the first time, then make sure to check out the names of these 12 places to visit in Barcelona, which can help you to savor the real beauty and elegance of the city.
12 Great Places To Visit In Barcelona
As an epitome of architectural brilliance, the city of Barcelona housesCasa Batllo numerous beautiful buildings and structures. So, before traveling to the capital of Catalunya, make sure to add these following names in your list of places to see in Barcelona.
1. Basilica Of The Sagrada Familia

Image Source
Known as the Europe continent’s most unconventional churches, the UNESCO-listed Basilica of the Sagrada Familia is one of the best places to visit in Barcelona. Located in the northern section of the city, this church is surrounded by 18 colossal spindly towers, which add a gothic charm to its overall appearance. As a visitor, the first thing, which will make you awe-struck, is the impressive exterior of the church. It depicts the birth of Jesus, the sufferings he had to endure during his lifetime, his death, and the story of his resurrection. The interior of the church, also, looks quite stunning because of the decoratively-detailed ceiling and the unusual yet eye-catching Crucifix.
Location:: 401 Carrer de Mallorca, BarcelonaTimings:: 9 A.M. – 7 P.M.Entry Fee:: Starting at 14 Euro
Must Read: 20 Most Beautiful Cities In Spain: Get Spellbound By Them On A Trip

Europe Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle

Magnificent Switzerland Holiday 6D/5N Package @ Rs 69,999
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Magnificent Europe Tour 7D/6N Package @ Rs 70,975
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

France & Switzerland Tour Package 8D/7N @ Rs 90,000
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Scintillating Spain & Portugal Tour 11D/10N @ Rs 101,150
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

6 Country Europe Tour Package 12D/11N @ Rs 118,650
Best prices guaranteed. EMI option available.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Casa Mila

Image Source
Also known as La Pedrera among the locals, Casa Mila is yet another architectural masterpiece of Antoni Gaudi. Established between the years of 1906 to 1912, this ostentatious structure looks more like a sensational piece of sculpture than a building because of its eloquently curved facades. Some other things, which make it look even more elegant, is its beautiful plant-shaped balconies and unique rounded windows. The gorgeous building of Casa Mila houses the famous cultural center, Fundacio Catalunya, which organizes numerous events year-round. So, if you are looking for some famous places to visit in Barcelona for kids, then Casa Mila would be ideal for you.
Location:: 261 – 265 Carrer de Provenca, BarcelonaTimings:: 9 A.M. – 9 P.M.Entry Fee:: 21 Euro
Suggested Read: Spanish Travel Words And Phrases To Help One On A Trip To Spain And Latin America
3. Palau De La Musica Catalana

Image Source
A 19th-century opera hall, the Palau de la Musica Catalana is the creation of yet another famous Catalan artist and architect, Lluis Domenech i Montaner. Known as the embodiment of Catalan Modernism, the exterior of this beautiful structure boasts exquisitely detailed mosaic work and decorative columns. On the other hand, the internal section of the opera house exhibits a graceful glass ceiling, which, during the day, looks absolutely awe-inspiring. Owing to its stained-glass ceiling, the concert hall stays completely illuminated by natural light during the daytime. So, if you are a lover of both opera and architectural brilliance, then make sure to add the Palau hall to your list of places to see in Barcelona.
Location:: Calle Palau de la Musica 4-6, BarcelonaTimings:: 10:00 A.M. – 3:30 P.M.Entry Fee:: Starting at 16 Euro
Suggested Read: 7 Reasons To Visit Spain At Least Once In Your Lifetime!
4. Barri Gotic

Image Source
The Gothic Quarter, also affectionately known as Barri Gotic, is the oldest yet liveliest part of Barcelona. If you visit here, then you will be able to savor the extravagant beauty of ancient Roman structures and picturesque plazas. Apart from this, the Gothic Quarter also houses numerous restaurants and cafes where you can spend some lively moments with your friends and family members. All in all, this place has almost everything that can make travelers happy and content. Due to this reason, most tourists consider it as one of the top places to visit in Barcelona.
Location:: Between the streets of Laietana and RamblaTimings:: Open 24X7Entry Fee:: Nil
Suggested Read: 15 Top Things To Do In Spain That Will Leave Your Soul Craving For More!
5. Casa Batllo

Image Source
Yet another modernist marvel created by Antoni Gaudi, Casa Batllo is the former townhouse of the famous Batlló family of Catalunya. With its enthralling adorning façade and the atypical shape, this architectural magnum opus looks quite similar to the castles described in the fairy tales. Because of its unusual design and structure, Casa Batllo has also earned the nickname of House of the Dragon, which, in Spanish, translates as Casa del Drac.
Location:: 43 Passeig de Gracia, BarcelonaTimings:: 9:00 A.M. – 9 P.M.Entry Fee:: Starting at 22 Euro
Suggested Read: 7 Stupendous Cruises In Spain Revealing The Hidden Secret
6. Casa Vicens

Image Source
Designed by the mastermind Antoni Gaudi, the beautiful house of Casa Vicens reflects the Neo-Mudejar architectural style. Located in the calm neighborhood of Gracia, it is considered to be one of the most famous tourist places to visit in Barcelona. Casa Vicens was built between the years of 1883 to 1885 as a summer residence for the wealthy Vicens family. However, now, it serves as a museum of Barcelona. Due to its unparalleled beauty and elegance, it earned the title of Unesco World Heritage in the year 2005.
Location:: Carrer de Les Carolines 20-26, 08012 BarcelonaTimings:: 10:00 A.M. – 8:00 P.M.Entry Fee:: Starting at 12.50 Euro
Suggested Read: 8 Best Spanish Cuisines That Will Make You Fall In Love With Spain All Over Again!
7. Montjuic Castle

Image Source
If you are traveling to the capital of Catalunya for the first time and are looking for some places to visit in Barcelona for family, then make sure to add the mesmerizing Montjuic castle to your list. Situated at an elevation 213 meters from the sea-level, this majestic castle is known for its excellent panoramic views and gorgeous museums. The museums of the castle exhibit an outstanding collection of Catalan arts, which will surely take your breath away.
Location:: 66 Carretera de Montjuic, Barcelona, Catalunya, 8038, SpainTimings:: 10:00 A.M. – 8:00 P.M.Entry Fee:: 3 Euro
Suggested Read: 7 Cruises In Barcelona For You To Have A Luxurious Sea Retreat
8. Museu d’Art Contemporani De Barcelona (MACBA)

Image Source
Known as one of the best contemporary art museums in Barcelona, the MACBA showcases some of the exquisite art pieces of the modern era. It was designed and inaugurated by Richard Meier, a famous architect of America, in 1995. Since then, the museum has hosted many exhibitions by numerous well-known artists of this century.
Location:: 1 Placa dels Angels, Barcelona, Catalunya, 8001, SpainTimings:: 10:00 A.M. – 8:00 P.M.Entry Fee:: 11 Euro
Suggested Read: 8 Ravishing Water Parks In Barcelona To Stay Cool And Beat The Heat!
9. Picasso Museum

Image Source
Pablo Picasso has always been known for his excellent artistic brain and uncanny yet exquisite pieces of art. So, if you are an art-aficionado and want to relish his brilliance in Barcelona, then make sure to visit the Picasso Museum. By visiting here, you will get the rare chance to see the earlier works of the artistic mastermind and understand the relationship between him and Barcelona.
Location:: 15-23 Carrer Montcada, BarcelonaTimings:: 9:00 A.M. to 9:30 P.M.Entry Fee:: Starting at 7 Euro
Suggested Read: Barcelona In October: Experience The Grandeur In The Rusty Colors Of Fall
10. Museu d’Història De Catalunya

Image Source
As the name suggests, the Museu d’Historia de Catalunya showcases the rich historical background of the city of Barcelona. In this museum, you will find numerous paintings, which depict the past of Catalonia province, as well as numerous sculptures and relics, which can help you to understand the city’s cultural beauty.
Location:: Placa Pau Villa, 3, 08039 Barcelona, SpainTimings:: 10:00 A.M. – 8:00 P.M.Entry Fee:: 8 Euro
Suggested Read: Visit These 7 Places In Barcelona In April To Have An Incredible Summer Vacation
11. Park Guell

Image Source
If you are looking for a few places to visit in Barcelona for family, the Park Guell would be absolutely ideal for you. The beautiful place currently rules over 42 acres of space and features almost every prop that any other park offers to its visitors. Along with elegant flashes of greenery, Park Guell also exhibits numerous swirling pathways where you can spend hours walking. Also, while you are here, make sure to visit the Sala Hipostila to savor the colorful essence of the beautiful city of Barcelona.
Location:: Carrer d’Olot, BarcelonaTimings:: 8:30 A.M. – 6:15 P.M.Entry Fee:: 10 Euro
Suggested Read: 12 Indian Restaurants In Barcelona: A Treat To Those Looking For Indian Cuisine In Spain
12. Parc De La Ciutadella

Image Source
Located at the heart of Barcelona, Parc de la Ciutadella has always been one of the most famous gathering points of the city since its inception. In 1877, when it opened, it served only as a normal park for the local people. However, now it houses the famous Barcelona Zoo and the Catalan Parliament. Numerous people also come here during the day for exercising and walking.
Location:: 21, Passeig de Picasso, BarcelonaTimings:: 10:00 A.M. – 10:30 P.M.Entry Fee:: Free
Further Read: Trekking In Spain: 10 Best Places For Indulging In An Ultimate Adventure Like Never Before!
We hope you’ve listed down all these wonderful places to visit in Barcelona in your itinerary so that you don’t miss out on any fabulous experience that this city has to offer. Now all that is left to do is to plan an awesome-sauce vacation in Barcelona with your loved ones!
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Barcelona

Which time of the year is best for visiting Barcelona?

						During the months of April to September, the weather in Barcelona stays quite warm and pleasant. Therefore, this period would be the best time for you to visit Barcelona.

Is the bus service good in Barcelona?

						Yes, the bus service is quite good in the city of Barcelona. With this mode of transportation, you can go to almost anywhere in the city. However, to board on them, you would have to go to near the city bus stops.

How many days will it take me to Explore Barcelona?

						When talking about tourist attractions, the city of Barcelona comes with a plethora of choices. Therefore, if you have an adventurous mind and want to explore every corner of the city, then you would have to stay here for at least 10 to 12 days.

Looking To Book An International Holiday?

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read:
 Places To Visit In Poland   Places To Visit In Salzburg   Places To Visit In Czechia

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST

                Category: Places To Visit, Spain

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle     Visit The Holy Potra Kund In Mathura To Find Serenity     Seva Kunj In Vrindavan Is Where You Offer Prayers To Radha-Krishna     Explore The Beauty Of Chandrashekhar Azad Park In Uttar Pradesh     Explore The Historic Beauty Of Khusro Bagh In Uttar Pradesh     Explore The Tranquil And Green Refuge Of Rajghat Park Amidst Bustling Ayodhya In 2024

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > Spain» > 12 Amazing Places To Visit In Barcelona That Will Make You Fall In Love With The City

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found
