URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-belgium/
Title: Places To Visit In Belgium: Tourist Attractions & Places To Stay
Description: Belgium is an iconic European country and there are as many as 32 places to visit in Belgium for your next trip including Ghent, Bruges, and more.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        32 Places To Visit In Belgium That Make The Country Irresistible

        ..
        SHARES

        27 Feb  2024

            Written by Tanishk Juneja

Belgium is all about a harmonious fusion of old world charm and modern culture and trends. From vintage castles, mansions, museums, and churches to modern architecture, shopping arcades and amusements; this European gem is the home of many spectacular places for all types of vacationers. And if you are planning a trip to this mesmeric country, here’s a complete list of places to visit in Belgium. You may get spoiled by choices while going through the list, so it is recommended to pick the places as per the time in hand, vacation itinerary, and the like. Promising to add a zest of fun and excitement to your journey, these places in Belgium will surely make it a memorable affair while you’re in the beautiful country of Belgium.
Places To Visit In Belgium For Best Experience
Wondering which are the best places to visit in Belgium? Check out our list of famous places that you should visit while you are exploring Belgium. Keep scrolling down and read along! Don’t forget to include the places you like in your itinerary for a truly cherishable trip to Belgium.

Brussels: Nightlife And Shopping
Bruges: Palaces And Canals
Ghent: Art And Serenity
Antwerp: The Food Capital
Ardennes: Hills, Forests, And Adventures
Tournai: World’s Most Beautiful Cathedrals
Dinant: Caves And Wildlife
Leuven: Best Belgian Breweries
Mons: Peace And Relaxation
Mechelen: Cruises And Picnics
De Haan: Picturesque Beaches
Durbuy: Blooming Rhododendrons And Poppies
Arlon: A Battle-Scarred History
Beguinage: A Lost World Made By Women
Genk: Parks And Nature Reserves
High Fens: Rare Flora And Faunas
Hoge Kempen National Park: Lakes And Pine Woods
Knokke-Heist: Unmatched Scenic Beauty
Kortrijk: A Shopper’s Paradise
La Roche-en-Ardenne: Famous Museums & Animal Parks
Liege: Hep Nightlife Scenes
Malmedy: Hiking And Biking Trails
Zwin: A Birdwatcher’s Heaven
Ostend: Beaches And Gothic Architecture
Rochefort: World Famous Cafes
Namur: Medieval Forts And Rivers
Spa: Birthplace Of Thermal Springs
Bastogne: Home Of The Wood Of Peace
Hasselt: A Classic Destination
Ypres: For War Memorials
Charleroi: Observe Rich Art
 Meuse Valley: A Lush Place

1. Brussels: Nightlife And Shopping

Image Source
Being the capital city and one of the largest hubs of great museums, palaces, chapels and mansions, Brussels is one of the most popular places to visit in Belgium. This is also the administrative capital of the European Union and pulls tourists from different parts of the world. Famous for world-class cafes, pubs, restaurants and shopping arcades – Brussels offers a plethora of options to make your European holiday enchanting and exciting. There are various Brussels sightseeing options in Belgium, for all kinds of travelers that won’t disappoint!
Tourist Attractions: Grand Palace, Atomium, Mini Europe, Mannekin Pis and Tintin Museum
Where To Stay: Hotel Amigo, NH Brussels Grand Place Arenberg, Radisson Blu Royal, Floris Ustel Midi
Must Read: 10 Things To Do In Belgium That Are Fun

Europe Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle

Magnificent Switzerland Holiday 6D/5N Package @ Rs 69,999
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Magnificent Europe Tour 7D/6N Package @ Rs 70,975
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

France & Switzerland Tour Package 8D/7N @ Rs 90,000
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Scintillating Spain & Portugal Tour 11D/10N @ Rs 101,150
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

6 Country Europe Tour Package 12D/11N @ Rs 118,650
Best prices guaranteed. EMI option available.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Bruges: Palaces And Canals

Image Source
One of the most stunning tourist attractions in Belgium is Bruges- a picturesque medieval town, gifted with historic buildings and canals. The gorgeous palaces, chapels, and mansions of Bruges reflect the history of Vikings while the network of canals, flowing through the city has helped Bruges to earn the title of ‘Venice of the North’. Explore this quaint town in bicycles, enjoy boating in the canal or indulge with Belgian hot chocolate at any of the quaint cafes of the main market square.
Tourist Attractions: Grote Market Square, Belfry Tower, and Gruuthuse Mansion
Where To Stay: Hotel Aragon, Floris Hotel, and Golden Tulip Hotel de’ Medici
3. Ghent: Art And Serenity

Image Source
Another one among the famous places in Belgium is Ghent – a quaint and serene town, endowed with historical sites, medieval structures, and churches of Belgium. Famous for housing the Alter Piece; Ghent is a favorite destination for art lovers and history buffs, but the quietude and charm of the place attract travelers of all kinds. This surreal blend of history and laid back vibes make this town one of the most unique places to visit in Belgium.
Tourist Attractions: St Bavo’s Cathedral with Alter Piece located inside, Gravensteen, Belfry of Ghent and Saint Nicholas Church
Where To Stay: Ghent Marriott, Golden Tulip Hotel de’ Medici and Hotel Gravensteen
Suggested Read: Belgium Nightlife
4. Antwerp: The Food Capital

Image Source
A true Belgian delight; Antwerp is all about culture, art, and traditions. On one hand, it showcases vintage architectural wonders and palaces but on the other, there are some modern and trendy art galleries and museums. Known for great food and beer, this place is the diamond district of Belgium as more than 70% of the world’s uncut diamonds are traded here. It is one of the best places to visit in Belgium in 2 days.
Tourist Attractions: Plantin Moretus Museum, Rubenshuis, Museum aan de Stroom and Antwerp Zoo.
Where To Stay: Leonardo Hotel, Ibis Hotel and TRYP by Wyndham
5. Ardennes: Hills, Forests, And Adventures

Image Source
Ardennes is a hilly destination and one of the most favorite places in Belgium, among adventure enthusiasts. Ideal for trekking, camping, and biking, Ardennes boasts of thick forests, cliffs, caves and is known for Belgium wildlife and wild animals like lynx, deer, and wild boar. If adventure is what you are seeking on your trip to Belgium, you won’t be disappointed after your visit to Ardennes. It is one of the best places to visit in Belgium in one day.
Tourist Attractions: Castle of Bouillon, Han-sur-Lesse and Labyrinth of Barvaux
Where To Stay: Azur en, Hotel Eden and Hotel des
Suggested Read: Castles In Belgium
6. Tournai: World’s Most Beautiful Cathedrals

Image Source
Located at the Belgium-France border, this buzzing city houses one of the most beautiful cathedrals of the world. This is a hub of art and sculptures and allures art lovers and history buffs throughout the year. As one of the most beautiful places to visit in Belgium, Tournai has some great museums and art galleries and the town Belfry is the oldest in the country. If you are looking for interesting things to see in Belgium then do head to this place.
Tourist Attractions: The Belfry of Tournai, Folklore Museum, Musee d’Histoire Naturelle et Vivarium and Notre Dame Cathedral in Tournai
Where To Stay: Hotel Cathedral, D’ Alcantara and Floreal le Panoramique
7. Dinant: Caves And Wildlife

Image Source
Situated by the banks of Meuse River in the Namur province of Belgium, Dinant is another tourist delight and one of the finest places to see in Belgium. Home to famous natural caves, caverns of Europe such as Caves of Han and the Grotto of Dinant, as well as the best national parks in Belgium, Dinant has a rich wildlife reserve with exotic biodiversity. Located 65 km from Brussels, Dinant is one of the must-visit Brussels sightseeing spot.
Tourist Attractions: Collegiate Church of Notre Dame, La Citadelle, Charles-de-Gaulle Bridge, Adolphe Sax Statue and Parc de Furfooz
Where To Stay: La Panama, Hotel Ibis and Castel-de-pont-a-Lesse
Suggested Read: 15 Festivals In Belgium
8. Leuven: Best Belgian Breweries

Image Source
Flaunting of best Belgian breweries, Leuven is another name in the list of best places to see in Belgium. This picturesque place is famous for happening marketplaces, street side pubs, cafes and churches, and galleries, like any other Belgian city, but being home to world’s oldest Catholic university, Leuven always buzzes with a student population from different parts of the world. Here, you will also find one of the best hotels in Belgium.
Tourist Attractions: Town Hall, Botanical Garden Kruidtuin, University Library & Bell Tower and Saint Peter’s Church.
Where To Stay: Pentahotel, Park Inn by Radisson and Hotel Ibis
9. Mons: Peace And Relaxation

Image Source
The list of best places to see in Belgium also features Mons. A large cobblestone square, Grand Palace, and age-old town hall await every tourist at Mons- the picturesque capital of Hainaut province of Belgium. But what attracts and fascinates every traveler here is the sweet tunes of town’s magnificent Belfry bells, perched at the top of 270 feet tower. This is one of the best Belgium tourist places.
Tourist Attractions: Collegiate Church of Sainte-Waudru, Jacques Du Broeucq alabaster statues and Van Gogh House
Where To Stay: Congress Hotel Mons Van der valk, Hotel Dream and Hotel Lido
Suggested Read: 10 Best Belgium Beach Resorts
10. Mechelen: Cruises And Picnics

Image Source
Located close to Antwerp is Mechelen – another lively and picturesque place in Belgium. Mechelen is unique in many ways. Famous for boat tours and brewery tours; one can climb the massive tower of St. Rombout Cathedral to enjoy the breath-taking view of the Antwerp port or visit the world-famous Carillion School, which is famous for lessons on the complex instrument of bells. It will be really unfair if we don’t mention Mechelen while talking about the best places to visit in Belgium.
Tourist Attractions: Brouwerij Het Anker, St. Rumbold’s Cathedral and Provincial Groendomein Vrijbroekpark
Where To Stay: Hotel Hobbit, Best Western, and NH Mechelen
11. De Haan: Picturesque Beaches

Image Source
Located in northern Belgium, De Haan is a picturesque village situated on the shores. It is most popular for its 11-kilometer-long beach which is lined with great restaurants, chic cafes, exciting bars, and some of the best homestays in Belgium. But it’s fine white sand and amazing nightlife aren’t all that it boasts. Couples also love to roam around in the streets of Concessie, which is another enjoyable part of this seaside town and makes it one of the most romantic places to visit in Belgium.
The stunning Belle Époque buildings and the grand town hall are something you must not miss out on when you’re here. When here, one can also try hiking and biking on the enormous sand dunes or visit the exciting amusement parks.
Tourist Attractions: Belle Époque, Villa Savoyarde, Spioenkop, La Potinière, Astridpark, De Grote Schamele Weecke, and more
Where To Stay: Hotel Astel, Hotel Rubens, B&B Yaca, Villa Verde, and more.
Suggested Read: 15 Offbeat Destinations In Europe
12. Durbuy: Blooming Rhododendrons And Poppies

Image Source
Are you still looking for Belgium tourist places? Tucked away deep inside a serene valley bordered by lush woods, Durbuy always manages to enchant its visitors with its old world charm and its rustic cobblestone lanes and cottages draped in various kinds of flowers like rhododendron, ivy vines, and poppy blooms. The streets and lanes all appear to be laid out across the town in the form of a spider web, making it one of the best places in Belgium for photographers and artists.
The locals are super friendly and might just treat you to a hearty mug of chilled beer once you set foot into the hamlet. Though the town is an ideal place to lay low if you wish to get away from urbanization, don’t be fooled by its laid back and rural vibes. You’re sure to find a number of fine-dining restaurants and craft boutiques here to keep you busy.
Tourist Attractions: Rue des Récollets, Amblève, Topiary Park, Cave Comblain, and more
Where To Stay: Azur En Ardenne, Hotel des Comtes, La Lisiere, Hotel Victoria, and more
13. Arlon: A Battle-Scarred History

Another popular Belgium tourist attractions is Arlon. Arlon is densely populated. It is close to the borders of Luxembourg and France. It is on the crossroads of multiple invaders. There were Celtic, Roman, and Gaullish settlements in the area, and all the fascinating traces of the rich past can be found in Arlon. The Archaeological Museum of Arlon is one of the best places to go in Belgium with your family and friends. This is amoungst the most popular Belgium tourist attractions.
Tourist Attractions: St Donatus’ Church
Where To Stay: La ferme d’a Yaaz, Van Der Valk Luxembourg Arlon
Suggested Read: Safaris In Belgium
14. Beguinage: A Lost World Made By Women

In the thirteenth century, women who wanted to dedicate their entire lives to God without completely withdrawing from the world founded the Beguinages, which were communities created to meet their physical and spiritual needs. They were called the Beguines. This is the history of Beguinage. There are 13 Flemish Beguinages. They are surrounded by ditches and walls.
Tourist Attractions: Princely Beguinage Ten Wijngaerde
Where To Stay: Thon Hotel Bristol Stephanie, 9 Hotel Central, The Dominican
15. Genk: Parks And Nature Reserves

Image Source
Genk is one of the best places to visit in Belgium in 2 days. The city is located in the Belgian province of Limburg near Hasselt boasting great garden-city design, marshland nature reserves, quiet park and more. You can learn about coal mining in Genk by visiting one of the old coal mines such as André Dumont or take a hike or a bike ride through beautiful Hoge Kempen National Park while in the city. You can also explore the distinctive outdoor museum of sundials at the Genk Sundial Park, which provides one of a kind experience to its visitors.
Tourist Attractions: Bokrijk, an open-air museum, Hoge Kempen National Park, old coalmines of Andre Dumont
Where To Stay: Carbon hotel, Hotel Ecu and Green hotel
Suggested Read: 10 Places For Shopping In Brussels
16. High Fens (Eifel Nature Park): Rare Flora And Fauna

High Fens – Eifel Nature Park also called North Eifel Nature Park is truly a heaven for nature lovers. The beautiful landscape is home to rare species of flora and fauna, deep valleys, forested mountain sides. If you are lucky, you can spot the very rare violet copper butterfly, starling-sized dipper which is easily recognisable by its white breast and its liking for swimming and diving. This is the best amongst Belgium tourist attractions.
Tourist Attractions: Rare species of flora and fauna, rolling mountains, picturesque villages.
Where To Stay: Hôtel des Bains & Wellness, Hostel Malmedy – Youth Hostel and Au Chat’rme des Blanches Pierres
17. Hoge Kempen National Park: Lakes And Pine Woods

Another stunning Belgium tourist places is Hoge Kempen National Park, which is the first National Park in Belgium located between Genk and the Meuse River Valley. Spread over 5,000 acres, the park consists of big lakes, large pine woods and purple flowering heathland. The highest spot in the park offers a mesmerizing view. The park is home to many rare and special animals such as roe deer, the slippery snake, the swallowtail butterfly and the European beewolf living in the natural habitat.
Tourist Attractions:  Information kiosks, Cafeterias, Hiking and mountain biking
Where To Stay: Arte Hotel, Hotel Atlantis and Hashotel
Suggested Read: 10 Beaches In Belgium
18. Knokke-Heist: Unmatched Scenic Beauty

Knokke-Heist is one of the best places to visit in Belgium in one day. It is a small Belgian coastal town located on the edge of the famous Zwin Nature Park. The place attracts tourists from all across the world as the place boasts of its scenic beauty and rich history. It’s known for the surrounding mudflats and gorgeous sandy beach. The most commonly seen birds are oystercatchers and storks. It is also known for The For Freedom Museum which describes the history of the area during the Second World War.
Tourist Attractions: For Freedom Museum, The Zwin, Zwin Nature Park and Knokke Casino
Where To Stay: Hotel Adagio, Villa Verdi, Manoir du Dragon and Hotel Binnenhof
19. Kortrijk: A Shopper’s Paradise

Image Source
Kortrijk is a beautiful city in Flanders, the northern part of Belgium. The city has a wonderful historic center with several market squares, churches, colourful shopping areas and also a creative area. There are these towers called the Broeltowers which are the icons of Kortrijk and make up some of the top places to visit in Belgium. You can visit many restaurants, lunchrooms and coffee places to try some amazing dishes. Also, they have really good vegetarian options.
Tourist Attractions: Broel Towers, Lys and béguinage of Courtrai
Where To Stay: Hotel Messeyne, Parkhotel, Bootel Ahoi
Suggested Read: Belgium In June
20. La Roche-en-Ardenne: Famous Museums And Animal Parks

Image Source
Located about 70 kilometers from Liege on the banks of the River Ourthe, La Roche-en-Ardenne is an attractive little town offering you with a variety of things to do and Belgium attractions. Make sure to visit the WWII Museum, Ardenne Ham Museum and the Pottery too to learn about the region’s tradition and history. You can find red deer, wild boar, pheasants, wild sheep, wolves, and many farm animals in the famous animal park on the Deister plateau.
Tourist Attractions: Ourthe, Lake Nisramont, Parc Chlorophylle, WWi Museum
Where To Stay: Hotel Beau Rivage, Domaine de I’Alu and Hotel Les Arcades
21. Liege: Hep Nightlife Scenes

Image Source
Liege is the third largest city in Belgium with vibrant nightlife, lip-smacking food, and drink. The place is known for top class museums and churches as well as art galleries that makes Liege one of the must-visit places for architecture and art lovers in Belgium. Take a long walk through the Coteaux de la Citadelle or enjoy a picnic at the beautifully maintained Parc de la Boverie. To add more charm to your visit to this city, make sure to plan your trip to Liege during festival time. Your one trip during the many different festivals celebrated throughout the year, will tempt you back every now and then.
Tourist Attractions: Montagne de Bueren, Curtius Museum, Parc de la Boverie and St. Paul’s Cathedral in Liege
Where To Stay: Hotel Neuvice, Amosa, Smartflats and Crowne Plaza Liège
Suggested Read: 12 Indian Restaurants In Belgium
22. Malmedy: Hiking And Biking Trails

Image Source
Malmedy, a small town in the Belgian province of Liege offers many key attractions for its visitors. The Baugnez 44 Historical Centre attributes the history of Malmedy during the Second World War. Another historical place, Malmundarium covers the history and culture of the area. All around Malmedy you have got opportunities for hiking and biking trails that will offer spectacular views of the area as you walk past the flowering fields.
Tourist Attractions: Baugnez 44 Historical Centre, Malmundarium and hiking around the city
Where To Stay: La Ferme du Pere Eugene, Hotel La Forge, Terrasses de Malmedy 2 and L’Horizon Chambres, Studios & Apparts
23. Zwin: A Birdwatcher’s Heaven

Zwin is an enchanting nature reserve on the border between Belgium and the Netherlands. It was established in 1952 with its bigger part in Belgium(158 hectares) and a smaller portion in Netherlands.(33 hectares) The reserve is famous for its varied diversity of salt-resistant plants, including a huge number of bird species. It is truly a haven for bird watchers. The reserve has a small zoo as well that houses a number of captivating domestic birds.
Tourist Attractions: Zwin nature park, Zoo
Where To Stay: Hotel St. Pol, Strandhotel Cadzand and Ibis Budget Knokke
Suggested Read: Belgium Travel–Cockpit Of Europe
24. Ostend: Beaches And Gothic Architecture

One of the largest cities on the Belgian coast, Ostend has gained popularity because of its port’s strategic location. It is one of Belgium’s favourite tourist destinations famous for its gorgeous sandy beaches, Atlantic Wall Open Air Museum and more. The best way to know the city well is by walking through the narrow streets around Het Visschersplein while enjoying the local produce at the local markets. Don’t forget to notice the magnificent architecture of the Gothic Church of St Petrus and St Paulus.
Tourist Attractions: Atlantic Wall Open Air Museum, Gothic Church of St Petrus and Fort Napolean
Where To Stay: Hotel Botteltje, Hotel Monarc and Otia Bij Nacht
25. Rochefort: World Famous Cafes

Image Source
Rochefort is a mesmerizing city in the Belgian province which is famous for its many shops and cafes, top class churches. There is a lesser-known gem of a cave system in the city. It is an easy to explore city with almost everything on the main street. known variously as Rue de Behogne, Place Roi Albert 1er and Rue Jacquet. Along the way you will walk past a number of cafes where you can taste Rochefort’s famous Trappist beer.
Tourist Attractions:  Domain of the caves of Han, Lessee and Veves castle
Where To Stay: Hotel Le Limbourg, La Fayette hotel and Hotel La Malle Poste
Suggested Read: Gorgeous Places To Visit In Europe In January
26. Namur: Medieval Forts And Rivers

Image Source
Sandwiched at the confluence of the two serene rivers of Meuse and Sambre, Namur is famous for its high rise citadel that sits overlooking the city and gives it its fame. Namus is, without a doubt, one of the most beautiful places in Belgium owing to this medieval fortress as well as the warm smiles of its people you will be greeted with here everyday. While this citadel was once Europe’s mightiest fortress, it now lies sombre and still, but is still capable of drawing in tourists from far and wide courtesy its oozing charm and overwhelming outlook.
It’s beauty is even compared to that of the many world famous castles in Bruges. Adorned with splendid gardens, offering breathtaking views of the rivers and the city beyond, and bearing a dashing bronze statue of an enormous turtle, this citadel is one of its kind in all of Europe.
Tourist Attractions: Rue de Fer, Hôtel de Gaiffier d’Hestroy, Museum of Ancient Art, Cathedral of Saint Aubain, Diocesan Museum, St. Loup Church
Where To Stay: Ibis Namur Centre, Hotel Beauregard, Hotel Les Tanneurs de Namur, Château de Namur
27. Spa: Birthplace Of Thermal Springs

Image Source
Tucked in a serene valley in the Ardennes mountains, Spa is a beautiful town in Belgium that is popular for its mineral springs as well as the fact that the word “spa” actually comes from here. Other than being the birthplace of spa, it is one of the best attractions in Belgium also because of the annual Belgian Grand Prix that is held right in the village next door – Francorchamps. It’s also the origin of the famous mineral water brand Spa that is exported all across the world from here.
Tourist Attractions: Musée de la Ville d’Eaux, Church of Notre Dame, St. Remacle Church, Thermes de Spa
Where To Stay: Radisson Blu Palace Hotel Spa, Radisson Blu Balmoral Hotel, Manoir de Lébioles, Villa Des Fleurs
Suggested Read: 5 Great Things To Do In Europe In December
28. Bastogne: Home Of The Wood Of Peace

Image Source
This tiny yet charming town in Belgium is located very close to the Luxembourg border and is a great spot for patriots and history lovers. It is the very place where many American soldiers had died one of the biggest battles of WWII’s – the “Battle of the Bulge”. There are many unique memorials across the city that have been established to honour the fallen soldiers and their contribution in shaping this country to make it what it is today.
You must also visit the Wood of Peace dedicated to those American veterans, Belgian combatants, soldiers, and even civilians who had laid down their lives for Ardennes. A dense forest of over 4,000 trees planted to commemorate the 50th anniversary of that historic battle, this Wood of Peace is one of the best places to visit in Belgium courtesy of its unique design. The trees are laid out in the image of the UNICEF emblem that can only be seen from above.
Tourist Attractions: Grand Place, Sherman Tank, Mardasson Memorial, Wood of Peace
Where To Stay: L’ Ardenne Buissonière, Hotel Leo Station, Hotel Melba, Merceny Motel
29. Hasselt: A Classic Destination

Image Source
A flemish city and municipality, Hasselt is a classic destination known for housing the best villas in Belgium. The town is composed of several small communes like Spalbeek, Wimmertingen, Kuringen, and Stokrooie, and the hamlets of Kiewit and Rapertingen. You can also take a boat ride at the Demer river and Albert Canal, which runs through the town. Perhaps, this destination is one of the must see places in Belgium.
Tourist Attractions: Bokrijk, Japanese Garden, Plopsa Indoor Hasselt, Herkenrode Abbey
Where To Stay: Villa Saporis, Grandes Villas de France, Radisson Blu Hotel
Suggested Read: 5 Things To Do In Europe In May
30. Ypres: For War Memorials

Image Source
A major town located in the western Flanders region, Ypres is one of the must visit places in Belgium. The town represents the losses of World War 1 through the battlefields around, war museums and memorials. Many important buildings were destroyed during the war but the Belgians have managed to re-constuct a few including the famous St. Martin’s Cathedral. It is one of the topmost places to visit in Belgium in Winter. You can also  enjoy multiple shopping destinations such as the Grote Markt.
Tourist Attractions: Cloth Hall, Bellewaerde, Menin Gate, Tyne Cot
Where To Stay: Hotel Novotel Ieper Centrum Flanders Fields, Albion Hotel Ypres, Chez Paul
31. Charleroi: Observe Rich Art

Image Source
If you are wondering about where to visit in Belgium that’s offbeat as well as modern, then the answer to your question is Charleroi, an art-centric modern city in Hainaut. You can explore an overload of art in the city including the City Hall, depicting Belgian folk songs, St. Christopher’s Church signifying the old times of Mosaic, the Museum of Fine Arts showcasing the ultimate painting collection. In short, there are plenty of art places to explore. Once you are done with the art, you can actually taste the best of Belgian food at the restaurants and cafes – another form of cultural exploration.
Tourist Attractions: River Sambre, Bois du Cazier, Musée de la photographie à Charleroi, Aulne Abbey
Where To Stay: Hotel ibis Charleroi Centre Gare, Auberge de Jeunesse de Charleroi, Class’Eco Charleroi
Suggested Read: 8 Spots For Scuba Diving In Europe
32. Meuse Valley: A Lush Place

Image Source
A valley in a European country means the very best of mother nature. Located in the southern part of Belgium, you can get the true feel of a lush countryside. Take a boating trip across the river, admire the beautiful scenery and visit the beautiful towns surrounded by dense forests. This is one of the most famous romantic places to visit in Belgium, located between the towns of Dinant and Namur. You can find the best places and opportunity for hiking, cycling and trekking in Belgium.
Tourist Attractions: Argonne massif, Lorraine Regional Nature Park, Verdun historical sites
Where To Stay: Le Château De Conde En Barrois, Chez John et Thomas, La Chambre d’Amis
Further Read: DO NOT Leave For Europe Without Packing These 8 Things
Belgium is the dream of many travelers and if you ever get to live it, make sure you see at least some of these incredible places to visit in Belgium that make the entire nation proud. Don’t think much and book your trip to Belgium right away! And if you know of any more places to explore in this beautiful country, let us know in the comments section below.
For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright disclaimer, please click here.
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Belgium

What is the best city to visit in Belgium?

						All the cities in Belgium are awesome and have something unique to offer to travelers. From Brussels, Bruges, Ghent to Antwerp, every city in Belgium is worth visiting.

What are the things to do in Belgium?

						There is a range of fun and exciting things to do in Belgium, like eating fries and waffles and drink copious amounts of beer. You must go for sightseeing tours in Belgium to catch the true vibe of the place.

What can you see in Belgium in 3 days?

						There’s a lot you can do in Belgium on a 3 days trip. From touring the many cities like Brussels and Antwerp to engaging in the many popular activities like tasting craft beer and chocolates, visiting the museums and castles, cycling around the cities, hiking and trekking, and much more.

How many days do you need in Belgium?

						A duration of 4 nights and 5 days is ideal for exploring the best of Belgium. However, the place is full of surprises and you won't regret staying even for a week in Belgium.

How long do you need in Brussels?

						A duration of 2 days is enough for exploring places to visit in Belgium Brussels.

Where should I go for a weekend in Belgium?

						If you’re in Belgium, you can spend a weekend in Antwerp, Ghent, Hasselt, and Ypres.

Looking To Book An International Holiday?

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read
Places To Visit In Austria Places To Visit In Netherlands Places To Visit In Denmark

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST

                Category: Belgium, Destinations, Europe

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Un guide complet pour un voyage sur l’île de Langkawi en 2024     रोमांच चाहने वालों के लिए 2024 में 15 बैंगलोर के पास सर्वोत्तम ट्रैकिंग स्थान     Best Cities To Visit In Turkey For A Wonderful Trip     Discover These Famous Landmarks In Europe During Your Next Trip     Exploring Rich Cultural History: Heritage Sites In Europe     Meilleure vie nocturne d’Europe: 9 villes pour faire la fête comme si de rien n’était

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > International > Europe»Belgium» > 32 Places To Visit In Belgium That Make The Country Irresistible

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesInternational Tour PackagesMaldives Tour PackagesBali Tour PackagesDubai Tour PackagesSingapore Tour PackagesThailand Tour PackagesEurope Tour PackagesSri Lanka Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadInternational Tourism GuideThailand TourismBali TourismSingapore TourismMaldives TourismMauritius TourismDubai TourismEurope TourismTop International HotelsHotels in ThailandHotels in MaldivesHotels in MauritiusHotels in BaliHotels in DubaiHotels in SingaporeHotels in Sri Lanka

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: Attraction: Brussels: Nightlife And Shopping

          Attraction: Bruges: Palaces And Canals

          Attraction: Ghent: Art And Serenity

          Attraction: Antwerp: The Food Capital

          Attraction: Ardennes: Hills, Forests, And Adventures

          Attraction: Tournai: World’s Most Beautiful Cathedrals

          Attraction: Dinant: Caves And Wildlife

          Attraction: Leuven: Best Belgian Breweries

          Attraction: Mons: Peace And Relaxation

          Attraction: Mechelen: Cruises And Picnics

          Attraction: De Haan: Picturesque Beaches

          Attraction: Durbuy: Blooming Rhododendrons And Poppies

          Attraction: Arlon: A Battle-Scarred History

          Attraction: Beguinage: A Lost World Made By Women

          Attraction: Genk: Parks And Nature Reserves

          Attraction: High Fens: Rare Flora And Faunas

          Attraction: Hoge Kempen National Park: Lakes And Pine Woods

          Attraction: Knokke-Heist: Unmatched Scenic Beauty

          Attraction: Kortrijk: A Shopper’s Paradise

          Attraction: La Roche-en-Ardenne: Famous Museums & Animal Parks

          Attraction: Liege: Hep Nightlife Scenes

          Attraction: Malmedy: Hiking And Biking Trails

          Attraction: Zwin: A Birdwatcher’s Heaven

          Attraction: Ostend: Beaches And Gothic Architecture

          Attraction: Rochefort: World Famous Cafes

          Attraction: Namur: Medieval Forts And Rivers

          Attraction: Spa: Birthplace Of Thermal Springs

          Attraction: Bastogne: Home Of The Wood Of Peace

          Attraction: Hasselt: A Classic Destination

          Attraction: Ypres: For War Memorials

          Attraction: Charleroi: Observe Rich Art

          Attraction: Meuse Valley: A Lush Place
