URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-armenia/
Title: 10 Best Places To Visit In Armenia For A Beautiful Vacation
Description: Best places to visit in Armenia for a serene vacation away from your routine life. Explore the Shikahogh State Reserve, Dilijan National Park, Lake Sevan and more.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        10 Places To Visit In Armenia: Build Amazing Memories In A Beautiful Destination

        ..
        SHARES

        06 Apr  2023

            Written by Asif Anwar

If you are planning for a memorable trip and anxiously exploring some top-notch destinations, you have every reason to set your eyes on Armenia. As one of the oldest existing nations, Armenia was the first country to declare Christianity as its national religion and enjoys having a glorious 3,500 culture.
Boasting on a myriad of tourist destinations, Armenia is excelled-in as a paradise for visitors for letting them explore lots of things—be it beholding the breath-taking views of mountains, spectacular landscape, scenery or engaging with plenty of interesting activities.
Interesting Places To Visit In Armenia
Let’s explore some of the most interesting places to visit in Armenia that are rich in culture, history and as beautiful as any popular tourist destination.
1. Enjoy Incredible Architecture in Yerevan2. Behold the Beauty of Lake Sevan3. Visit the Classic Temple in Garni4. Visit the Mystery Place Karahunj5. Explore the Unexplored Shikahogh State Reserve6. Engross Into the Natural Beauty of Jermuk7. Discover Peaceful Moments in Dilijan National Park8. Behold an Incredible Beauty of Mount Aragats9. Behold the Beauty of Mamrot Qar Waterfall10. Explore Tatev Monastery
1. Enjoy Incredible Architecture in Yerevan

Image Source
While talking about the hottest places to visit in Armenia, it’s good to start with none other than the capital city, Yerevan, that came into existence in 782 BC. Visiting the city of Yerevan rejuvenates visitors, whether they flock here for the first time or have visited several times. The city is famous for featuring world-famous architecture, which first-time visitors cannot afford to miss. Also known as ‘the city of the cafes,’ Yerevan is home to restaurants, cozy cafes, parks, etc.
Things to Do in Yerevan: Visit Republic Square, Yerevan Cascade, etc.Best Time to Visit Yerevan: June to August and December to FebruaryHow to Reach Yerevan: By plane, rail, car, etc.
Must Read: 36 Best Places To Visit In Southeast Asia

Looking To Book An International Holiday?

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Behold the Beauty of Lake Sevan

Image Source
Another exciting destination to explore on the course of your Armenian trip, Sevan is blessed with the mind-blowing beauty invigorated by the Lake Sevan that titillates the minds of visitors. Anyone seeking to experience a real natural beauty should not miss a visit to Lake Sevan, located 66 km from Yerevan.
Spread over a total area of 1,900 m, Lake Sevan, popularly pronounced as the Pearl of the Armenian Nature, is the right spot for everyone. You can enjoy BBQ, cruising, getting an exciting glimpse of the mind-blowing scenery, and lots more.
Things to Do in Lake Sevan: Visit Sevanavank, Sevan Island, Hayravank Monastery, etc.Best Time to Visit Lake Sevan: Mid summer and winter seasons.How to Reach Lake Sevan: From Yerevan, take minibus, vans, metro, etc.
Suggested Read: 14 Honeymoon Destinations In Asia In December To Celebrate Your Love Story
3. Visit the Classic Temple in Garni

Image Source
The majority of tourists enjoy making their way to the villages on the course of their journey. If you are one of those and looking for the best village to explore in Armenia, Garni is the right option for you to explore. Situated in the Kotayk Province in Armenia, Garni is a much-talked about tourist destination for featuring the classical temples and other popular attractions. They include ruined Khumarazham Church, Mashtots Hayrapet Church, The Havuts Tar Monastic Complex, and lots more.
 Visit Garni Gorge; Geghard; Temples, etc.Best Time to Visit Garni: All monthsHow to Reach Garni: By taxi, torbus, etc.
Suggested Read: Hong Kong Itinerary For 7 Days: Our One Of A Kind Experience In Asia’s World City!
4. Visit the Mystery Place Karahunj

Image Source
Located at a distance of 200 km from the capital city of Armenia, Karahunj is the next village that you will come across while searching for the most visited places in this country. Visitors who flock this place can get puzzled with the mystery of the 200 stones, each having holes with a diameter of 5 cm. This is a mystery for many scientists in terms of its use, origin, etc.
Things to Do in Karahunj: Visit Khndzoresk Bridge; Medieval Goris Cave Dwellings, etc.Best Time to Visit Karahunj: All monthsHow to Reach Karahunj: By taxi, bus, etc.
Suggested Read: Kyrgyzstan Visa For Indians: Explore The Unexplored Lands Of This Asian Country!
5. Explore the Unexplored Shikahogh State Reserve

Image Source
Shikahogh State Reserve is one of the hidden places in Armenia. Covered with lush green mountains, Shikahogh State Reserve is still unexplored as it’s covered with dense forests containing 1,100 species of plants. It is one such reason why it’s known to be an unexplored city. If you are a nature and animal lover, then Shikahogh State Reserve has lots to offer for you. The forest houses different animals such as wild goats, bears, leopards, etc.
Things to Do in Shikahogh State Reserve: Visit Mount Khustup; See animals, etc.Best Time to Visit Shikahogh State Reserve: All months
Suggested Read: 10 Best Places To Visit In August In Asia For An Easy-Breezy Holiday

Planning your holiday but confused about where to go? These travel stories help you find your best trip ever!

Ramya Narrates The Story Of 6 Girls On An Extraordinary Trip To Thailand
Bangkok. Phi Phi. Krabi. Why should guys have all the fun?
Read More

Sandeep Illustrates On The Best Activities For A Family Trip To Mauritius
Water sports. Cocktail parties. And unlimited fun at Casela.
Read More

Nisarg Can't Stop Praising His Honeymoon Trip To Maldives
There was snorkeling, sightseeing, luxury, comfort, & much more!
Read More

Sabyacsachi's Romantic Trip Proves Europe To Be The Mother Of All Vacations
For Art, Culture, Luxury, & more...
Read More

Srishti Talks Of Her Amazing Trip To Singapore With Her Mother & Niece
A fun-filled destination for ages indeed!
Read More

67-Year Old Sridhar Tells How He Beat The Odds & Took A Solo Trip To Dubai
Desert safari. Burj Khalifa. Welcoming locals. Tell me more!
Read More

Not Adventure Lovers? Saurabh's Family Trip Proves Hong Kong To Still Be Full Of Fun
Your kids will love Disney Land & Ocean Park!
Read More

Ravi's Tale Of A Sri Lanka Family Tour Is All You Need To Know About Ramayana Tour
For the love of Ramayana & Travel!
Read More

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

6. Engross Into the Natural Beauty of Jermuk

Image Source
The mild climate, healing mineral water, and marvelous natural beauty are something that contributes to making Jermuk as the most inspirational place for tourists to explore and popularize among them as a famous spa city in Armenia. While visiting this place, never forget tasting the healing mineral water, which you can do by visiting the Gallery of Water.
Visiting Jermuk will never complete without beholding the exquisite view of none other than Jermuk Waterfall, Armenia’s second-largest waterfall. The water falling from a height of 70 m gives you an exhilarating experience that engrossed into the melody of nature.
Things to Do in Jermuk: Visit waterfall; Mineral water gallery, etcBest Time to Visit Jermuk: All monthsHow to Reach Jermuk: By buses, mini buses from Yerevan.
Suggested Read: 20 Best Places To Visit In Asia In October That Make For The Best Tourist Destinations!
7. Discover Peaceful Moments in Dilijan National Park

Image Source
The Dilijan National Park, built in the year 2002, is another amusing place for the visitors by letting them explore lots of things such as natural monuments, medicinal mineral water springs, and lots more. Getting an exciting glimpse of Armenia’s culture is something that grabs the attention of a majority of visitors. Dilijan National Park is a one-stop destination to explore this. The park features a plethora of cultural locations like Goshavank Monastery, Haghartsin Monastery, Jukhtak Vank, etc.
Things to Do in Dilijan National Park: Visit Lake Parz, Matosavank, etc.Best Time to Visit Dilijan National Park: All monthsHow to Reach Dilijan National Park: By taxi, van minibuses, etc.
Suggested Read: 5 Cafes Near Pulau Ubin In Singapore For The Authentic Asian Cuisine
8. Behold an Incredible Beauty of Mount Aragats

Image Source
Another most visited place in Armenia, Mount Aragats welcomes tourists from across the globe, especially those who are nature lovers and seeking to behold the flamboyant beauty of nature. Being the highest peak in Armenia, Mount Aragats lets you enjoy a lot of rock arts that include human alike paintings, animal paintings, etc.that date back to approximately 100 years.
Snow-covered peak magnifies the beauty of mount Aragats to offer unforgettable experience of those of adventure lovers who can enjoy climbing it in the month of July, August, and September. Those seeking to climb the mountain smoothly can pick the southernmost peak, while others who love challenges can opt for the northern peak.
Things to Do in Mount Aragats: Visit Alphabet Park, Arshakid Mausoleum, etc.Best Time to Visit Mount Aragats: All timesHow to Reach Mount Aragats: By bus, minibus, etc.
Suggested Read: 28 Amazing Budget Beaches of South-East Asia
9. Behold the Beauty of Mamrot Qar Waterfall

Image Source
On your visit to Armenia, you can also spot some less discovered places, apart from top-notch tourist destinations. One such place you will come across is the popular Mamrot Qar Waterfall. Located in Nagorno-Karabakh in the eastern part of the country, it beholds the umbrella form of waterfall thus lets visitors get a completely rejuvenating experience. Mamrot Qar Waterfall is one of the most visited natural sights in Armenia. So, you should never miss to get a fascinating glimpse of such an incredible gift of nature to human beings.
Things to Do in Mamrot Qar Waterfall: See exotic waterfallsBest Time to Visit Mamrot Qar Waterfall: All monthsHow to Reach Mamrot Qar Waterfall: By bus, minibuses, etc.
Suggested Read: 6 Places To Visit In Asia In November: An Escape From The Snow Into The Tropics
10. Explore Tatev Monastery

Image Source
Located approximately 253 km from Yerevan, Tatev is another exciting place to explore on the course of your Armenian trip. This place is easily accessible by the tourists – all you need to do is to hire a taxi from Yerevan and make your way into this place. Visiting Tatev Monastery lets you explore a stunning medieval structure built around 9th century AD.
Beautified with peasant surroundings and complemented with mountainous landscape, Tatev Monastery has every reason to lure visitors to let them enjoy the fantastic scenery. To access this place, you can take the cable cars, which is known to be the longest in the world.
Things to Do in Tatev Monastery: Visit monastic complex; dum of the church, etcBest Time to Visit Tatev Monastery: All monthsHow to Reach Tatev Monastery: By bus, minibuses
Further Read: 3 Places To Visit Near Asian Civilisations Museum That Are Perfect For The Explorers!
These are some of the much-talked about places to visit in Armenia, though this country houses lot of other tourist destinations. It’s really difficult to choose, as all have equal craze among the tourists. To explore all such places, you need to plan your trip to Armenia accordingly in terms of how many days you wish to spend in Armenia. A long trip to this place will let you explore everything about Armenia.
Disclaimer: TravelTriangle claims no credit for images featured on our blog site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyrighted to its respectful owners. We try to link back to original sources whenever possible. If you own the rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear on TravelTriangle, please contact us and they will be promptly removed. We believe in providing proper attribution to the original author, artist or photographer.
Please Note: Any information published by TravelTriangle in any form of content is not intended to be a substitute for any kind of medical advice, and one must not take any action before consulting a professional medical expert of their own choice.
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Armenia
While on the trip to Armenia, you may have some questions about these places in terms of attractions, safe travel, etc. We have mentioned here most frequently asked questions along with the answers to match some of your queries.

What is popular in Armenia?

						Well, Armenia is popular for accommodating snow-capped Mount Ararat, which is popularized as the principal national symbol of the country. The country is also popular for the longest ropeway, ancient cuisine, mountain mineral water, and more.

Is Armenia a beautiful country to travel to?

						Yes, Armenia is one of the most beautiful countries in the world. Visiting here lets you explore the breath-taking natural sights, taste a variety of cuisines, and engage with history.

Is Armenia expensive to travel?

						No, Armenia is an affordable tourist destination as only limited numbers of tourists flock here. So, you can easily find the best hotels here at an affordable rate, which is approximately INR 718/- per night – even if you opt for a luxury hotel, you have to spend a maximum of up to INR 7175/-.

What is the best time to visit Armenia?

						You can visit Armenia from late May to early June. During these months, the weather condition of this place is quite pleasant and makes tourists feel relieved.

How many days are sufficient to explore Yerevan?

						3 days are sufficient to explore Yerevan and enjoy your journey there. So, you should plan your Armenia trip accordingly.

Do you need a visa to travel to Armenia?

						Only the US citizens are allowed to travel to Armenia for a maximum of 180 days every year. If they need to stay here for more than 180 days, they need to apply for a residency permit.

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read:
Places To Visit in Georgia Places To Visit in Turkey Places To Visit in Azerbaijan

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST

                Category: Places To Visit, Romantic Travel, Things To Do

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Chaukhandi Stupa Is An Interesting Spot For Your Next Trip To Varanasi In 2024     Exploring The Mysteries Of Samudra Koop Which Is A Sacred Well In Allahabad To Visit In 2024     A Comprehensive Guide To The Enchanting Beauty Of Dashashwamedh Ghat To Explore In 2024     A Pilgrim’s Guide To Dwarka’s Divine Temple Of Shree Dwarkadhish Temple To Explore In 2024     Experience The Spiritual Splendor Of Kalachakra Temple In Mcleodganj In 2024     A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > International > Things To Do» > 10 Places To Visit In Armenia: Build Amazing Memories In A Beautiful Destination

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesInternational Tour PackagesMaldives Tour PackagesBali Tour PackagesDubai Tour PackagesSingapore Tour PackagesThailand Tour PackagesEurope Tour PackagesSri Lanka Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadInternational Tourism GuideThailand TourismBali TourismSingapore TourismMaldives TourismMauritius TourismDubai TourismEurope TourismTop International HotelsHotels in ThailandHotels in MaldivesHotels in MauritiusHotels in BaliHotels in DubaiHotels in SingaporeHotels in Sri Lanka

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found
