URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-frankfurt/
Title: 12 Beautiful Places To Visit In Frankfurt On Your Next Trip
Description: A list of the 12 best places to visit in Frankfurt to make your trip to Germany all the more happening. Find places like Romerberg, Palm Garden, and more.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        12 Wonderful Places To Visit In Frankfurt: See The Best Of Germany In 2024

        ..
        SHARES

        08 May  2024

            Written by Ekta Maheshwari 

A European rendezvous is incomplete without a visit to the finance capital of Germany, Frankfurt. The city with its illustrative buildings and breathtaking tourist hotspots literally makes all the people go mad over it. One of the most striking aspects of the place is that it has managed to retain most of its imperial charms and thus finds it easy to fit into the travel itinerary of tourists and wanderlust all around the world. While the city skyline is dominated by tall skyscrapers, there are a handful of other places to visit in Frankfurt that have caught the attention of wanderers.
12 Best Places To Visit In Frankfurt, Germany
The city is spread along the banks of the Main river, and has always been a tourist hotspot due to its breathtaking locales! With so many places to gaze upon, we have handpicked a list of beautiful locales that are the best places to see in Frankfurt.
1. Romerberg

Pedelecs for Wikipedia
It is true that names like Frankfurt and Romerberg go hand in hand. The heart of the city square has a cluster of irregularly shaped buildings that give off a beautiful vibe. The square if one of the illustrious sites in the place and is always thriving with pedestrians. One of the important aspects that have remained intact is the open-fronted shops, that still emit the old world charm. A visit to Frankfurt is incomplete without stepping into this place! It is one of the top tourist places in Frankfurt Germany.

Best time to visit: April-May, August-September
Ideal for: Family, friends
Must-Visit Places in Romerberg: Old town hall, New town hall, St Leonhard Church, St Nicholas Church, Historical Museum, Ostzeille
Must Read: Germany Nightlife

Looking To Book An International Holiday?

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Museumsufer

dontworry for Wikipedia
Museumsufer is another prime location of the city, which is situated on the south bank of the River Main. The district hosts a corridor of some of the best museums that have an international legacy. The museums will allow you to travel back in time to the medieval, Renaissance and Baroque periods. Another attraction of the place is that it comes alive on Saturdays making way for the largest flea market. This is counted as one of the best places to go in Frankfurt Germany. 
Best time to visit: April-May, August-September
Ideal for: Family, history geeks
Must-Visit Places in Museumsufer: A cluster of 34 museums like Museum of World Cultures, Museum of Ancient Sculptures, Icon Museum, German Architectural Museum, Fim Museum, Museum of Applied Art and Staedel Museum.
3. Main Tower

nikon89 for Pixabay
While Frankfurt has many high-rise buildings gazing upon the streets, but only the Main tower allows the public to get a full panoramic view of the city. The building is named after the Main River, which runs through the city’s veins. One can take the elevator and ride up to the 650-story building which cuts through the skyline distinctively. Enjoy a hearty meal along with a cocktail to complement this amazing view. It is truly a sight to behold and known to be among the amazing places to visit in Frankfurt at night.
Best time to visit: April-May, August-September
Ideal for: Family, friends
Must-Visit Places Near Main Tower: Japan Center, English Theatre, Old Opera House, Goethe House
Suggested Read: Shopping In Germany
4. Goethe House

lapping for Pixabay
Frankfurt is the birthplace of the renowned writer Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe, who lived until 1765. The house has been restored after World War II, bombarding and everything has been intricately assembled. From the dining room to the writing room on the first floor has been beautifully decorated. A must-visit for everyone who loves literary works!
Best time to visit: April-May, August-September
Ideal for: Family, history geeks
Must-Visit Places near Goethe House: Goethe Museum, Goethe Tower, Goethestrasse

Planning your holiday but confused about where to go? These travel stories help you find your best trip ever!

Ramya Narrates The Story Of 6 Girls On An Extraordinary Trip To Thailand
Bangkok. Phi Phi. Krabi. Why should guys have all the fun?
Read More

Sandeep Illustrates On The Best Activities For A Family Trip To Mauritius
Water sports. Cocktail parties. And unlimited fun at Casela.
Read More

Nisarg Can't Stop Praising His Honeymoon Trip To Maldives
There was snorkeling, sightseeing, luxury, comfort, & much more!
Read More

Sabyacsachi's Romantic Trip Proves Europe To Be The Mother Of All Vacations
For Art, Culture, Luxury, & more...
Read More

Srishti Talks Of Her Amazing Trip To Singapore With Her Mother & Niece
A fun-filled destination for ages indeed!
Read More

67-Year Old Sridhar Tells How He Beat The Odds & Took A Solo Trip To Dubai
Desert safari. Burj Khalifa. Welcoming locals. Tell me more!
Read More

Not Adventure Lovers? Saurabh's Family Trip Proves Hong Kong To Still Be Full Of Fun
Your kids will love Disney Land & Ocean Park!
Read More

Ravi's Tale Of A Sri Lanka Family Tour Is All You Need To Know About Ramayana Tour
For the love of Ramayana & Travel!
Read More

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

5. Palm Garden

lapping for Wikipedia
One of the largest botanical gardens in the city, the Palmengarten is spread across 54 hectares. Since its opening in 1871, it has been in the list of favorites for the public and tourists. The main highlights of this striking place are that it has botanical exhibits laid out according to the geological location. Also, the garden is home to an array of greenhouses containing tropical and subtropical species of flora. This is one of the best places to go in Frankfurt Germany.
Best time to visit: April-May, August-September
Ideal for: Couples, nature lovers
Must-Visit Places bear Palmengarten: Europartum, Gruneburgpark Botanic garden, Nida Valley People’s park
Suggested Read: Germany Hostels
6. St Bartholomew’s

ArcCan for Wikimedia Commons
If there is one thing that manages to stand-out in this city of skyscrapers, then it is the St Bartholomew’s Church. The church, an important place to visit in Frankfurt, was built between the 13th and 15th centuries in red sandstone and stands tall at 95 meters. It is one of the few churches in the country to be designated the status of an Imperial Cathedral and is a sight to behold.
Best time to visit: April-May, August-September
Ideal for: Family, couples, architecture lovers
Must-Visit Places near St Bartholomew: The grave slab of King Gunther Von Schwazburg and skullcap of St Bartholomew
7. Sachsenhausen

MandyM for Wikipedia
Indulge your senses in a sinful treat at Sachsenhausen. Relish the signature drink apfelwein or ebelwoi as the Frankfurters say. The drink is the crisp alcoholic apple cider that is produced locally. Travel around the cobblestone streets and enjoy the favored drink for a refreshing time in this cheerful part of town.
Best time to visit: April-May, August-September
Ideal for: Family, friends, foodies
Must-Visit Places near Sachsenhausen: Ride the Ebbelwei Express
Suggested Read: Places To Visit In Germany
8. Hauptwache

AKrebs60 for Pixabay
A lively area in the city center packed with pedestrians. The place is excellent for some quick shopping and grabbing a bite. Many high-end shops are located in the area with many vendors and street artists. It surely makes up to the list of places to visit in Frankfurt with family.
Best time to visit: April-May, August-September
Ideal for: Family, shopaholics, friends, foodies
Must-Visit Places near Hauptwache: Zeil shopping center
9. Schirn Kunsthalle

PantaRhei for Wikipedia
This is one of the important venues for exhibitions in Europe. The center has till now presented more than 240 exhibitions on art, contemporary and historical themes. It is a beautiful gallery that is frequented by art lovers in large numbers every month. It is worth paying a visit to this arena which clearly makes up for one of the best tourist places to visit in Frankfurt with your family and friends.
Best time to visit: April-May, August-September
Ideal for: Family, art lovers
Must-Visit Places near Schirn Kunsthalle: Main tower, Romerberg
Suggested Read: Cottages In Germany
10. Städel Museum

Image Credit: Strandgut87 for Wikimedia Commons
One of Frankfurt’s top museums, the Stadel Museum is home to different artworks and paintings from renowned 14th-century artists, including Goya, Vermeer, Bacon, Rembrandt, Baselitz, and more. This institution is a must-visit if you’re an art fan and want to learn more about the rich history of this city. The Stadel Museum’s exhibitions and initiatives to support research and teaching have earned it a significant place in the global museum scene.
Best time to visit: April-September
Ideal for: Family, art lovers
Must-Visit Places near Städel Museum: Main museum
11. Kleinmarkthalle

Image Credit: EvaK for Wikimedia Commons
One of the most well-known tourist destinations in Frankfurt, the Kleinmarkthalle is home to about 156 local markets that offer the greatest pastries and international cuisine. If you have a passion for food, you just must visit this location. This establishment has something for everyone, from wine and bakery time to meats and cheese. Take a stroll around one of Frankfurt’s biggest markets, which is packed with a wide variety of food products, including cheese, meat, wine, bread, and food from other nations.
Best time to visit: May-September
Ideal for: Family, food lovers
Must-Visit Places near Kleinmarkthalle: The wide variety of market
Suggested Read: Berlin Street Food
12.Frankfurt Zoo

Discover a wide range of animals at Frankfurt Zoo, a well-liked tourist and local attraction. The zoo has an aquarium, an insect house, and a house dedicated to reptiles and other dangerous animals. It also has some uncommon species. You will have the best time and create lifelong memories when you visit this location.
If you are a wildlife enthusiast, you will love visiting this place. The Frankfurt Zoo, spanning 11 hectares, is undoubtedly the top destination for families visiting Frankfurt.
Best time to visit: May-September
Ideal for: Family, kids
Must-Visit Places near the Zoo: Elephant House, The Great Ape House
Further Read: Places To Visit Near Frankfurt
Exploring Frankfurt through the eyes of a historical lens will not do justice to the colorful canvass the city possesses. The city has lots to offer to its admirers and there is a list of places to visit in Frankfurt which comprises all the impressive features that the city beholds. On your next trip to Germany don’t just spend time at the cliched destinations, but also discover this splendid city of Frankfurt.
For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright disclaimer, please  click here. 
Cover Image Source: Shutterstock
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Frankfurt

What to do in Frankfurt?

						Frankfurt is Germany’s fifth-largest city and is home to many exciting events. Some of them are Oktoberfest (held in October), the annual Christmas Market (in December) and the Frankfurt Book Fair (in October). There are permanent attractions too like Sachsenhausen, German Museum, Staedal Museum, among the 34 others.                    

What to see in Frankfurt?

						Some of the best Frankfurt tourist attractions you can visit on your trip are: Romerberg, Museumsufer, Palm Garden, Goethe House, St. Bartholomew’s Church.                    

What is Frankfurt famous for?

						The city is known for being the busiest German airport in the country. It is also known as the rising Finance Capital and home to the German Stock Exchange and European Central Bank.                    

What are the places to visit in Frankfurt for free?

						You can check out Frankfurt attractions such as the churches of St. Paul’s Church and St. Bartholomew’s Church and have fun at Waldspielpark. Also, every Saturday of the month, all museums in Frankfurt offer free admission to visitors.                    

What part of Frankfurt is best to stay?

						Some of the best areas to stay in Frankfurt are- Bahnhofsviertel, Nordend, Sachsenhausen, Innenstadt, and Zentrum-Altstadt.                    

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read
 Places To Visit In Poland  Places To Visit In Czechia  Places To Visit In Salzburg

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Germany, Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle     Visit The Holy Potra Kund In Mathura To Find Serenity     Seva Kunj In Vrindavan Is Where You Offer Prayers To Radha-Krishna     Explore The Beauty Of Chandrashekhar Azad Park In Uttar Pradesh     Explore The Historic Beauty Of Khusro Bagh In Uttar Pradesh     Explore The Tranquil And Green Refuge Of Rajghat Park Amidst Bustling Ayodhya In 2024        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > Places To Visit» > 12 Wonderful Places To Visit In Frankfurt: See The Best Of Germany In 2024

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found