URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-norway/
Title: Top 10 Places To Visit In Norway
Description: Looking for the best places to visit in Norway? We got them right here. Find the most amazing sightseeing attractions in Tromso, Oslo, and Bergen to make your next trip to Europe a fascinating one!
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        Top 10 Places To Visit In Norway For The Love Of History, Nature, And Architecture

        ..
        SHARES

        08 Dec  2021

            Written by Ruchika Anand 

Norway has made its way into the bucket list of each enthusiastic traveler around the world. From beautiful mountains, glorious fjords and plenty of churches and lighthouses, there are plenty of places to visit in Norway for that perfect trip with friends, family, and couples. Above everything else, it is the dream of many to catch a glimpse of the breathtaking Northern Lights once in their lifetime.
The Best Places To Visit In Norway
Planning a trip requires meticulous planning if one wants to decide where to go in Norway. We have listed our favourites here:
Places To Visit In Oslo
More than half of Oslo is covered with forests and parks, which is why hiking and biking are very popular here. See where all you can go:
1. The Norwegian National Opera & Ballet

Suggested Read: You Can Soon Enjoy 360 Degree Views Of Northern Lights From Svart Hotel In Norway
The famous Opera House is designed in a way that it tricks people into believing it is rising from the water. It organises its shows on three lavishly designed stages – The Main House, The Second House, and the Studio. Its majestic windows give pedestrians a glimpse of the fancy interiors, making it one of the top Norway tourist attractions.
Location: Kirsten Flagstands, Pl. 1,Oslo
Timings: 10 AM- 8 PM

Europe Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle
Explore the most beautiful places to visit in Europe, from Paris to the Venice canals and from the Greek islands to the Swiss alps. Book customized packages by expert agents on TravelTriangle. Inclusive of airport transfers, cab, resort, sightseeing and meals. Best holiday experience Guaranteed. Book Now

Magnificent Switzerland Holiday 6D/5N Package @ Rs 69,999
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Magnificent Europe Tour 7D/6N Package @ Rs 70,975
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

France & Switzerland Tour Package 8D/7N @ Rs 90,000
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Scintillating Spain & Portugal Tour 11D/10N @ Rs 101,150
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

6 Country Europe Tour Package 12D/11N @ Rs 118,650
Best prices guaranteed. EMI option available.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Tusenfryd Amusement Park

It is one of the foremost Norway attractions and most famous amusement park in the world. It is home to more than 30 attractions such as SpeedMonster, SuperSplash, ThunderCoaster and SpaceShot. During summers, you can also enjoy the water park known as BadeFryd, which has a pool, a river for swimming and an exciting waterslide.
Location: N-1407, Winterbro, Norway
Timings: 10:30 AM- 6 PM
Entry fee: INR 1700
Suggested Read: Norway Nightlife:10 Buzzing Places To Set The Scene!
3. Akershus Fortress

Suggested Read: 10 Things That Turn Norway Honeymoon Into A Dreamy Beginning For Any Couple
This is a great addition to any Norway sightseeing tour, especially for the history buffs. This building was constructed in 1299 under the orders of King Hakon the Fifth and prevented the city from many sieges throughout the years. Norway tours generally include a guided tour of this fortress that also plays host to a great many concerts and ceremonies!
Location: Festningsplassen 1, Oslo 0015, Norway
Timings: 10:30 AM – 6 PM
Places To Visit In Tromso
Known for its splendid architecture reflected in the wooden houses, Tromso is boasts of amazing fjords, mountains, museums, and forests!
4. Tromso University Museum

This museum displays various interesting facts about the locals staying in Norway, the Sami. Tromso University Museum also exhibits the most famous Norway point of interest, the Northern Lights. It is one of those fascinating places to visit in Norway that should be on everyone’s list.
Location: Lars Thoringsvei 10, Tromso 9037, Norway
Timings: 10 AM – 4:30 PM
Book Norway Tour Packages with TravelTriangle
5. Arctic Cathedral

Suggested Read: Cabin Vindehim In Norway Is A Divine Stay Peeking Out Of Tons Of Snow
If you are thinking what to see in Norway, then get to the Arctic Cathedral, another one of the famous Norway attractions. It is renowned for its striking architecture that is both modern and beautiful. The enormous and majestic stained glass window reflects the resurrection of Jesus Christ and makes this church one of the best Norway tourist attractions.
Location: Hans Nilsens veg 41 | Tromsdalen
Timings: 1 PM- 6 PM
Entry fee: INR 423
6. The Science Center of Northern Norway

This houses the biggest Norwegian planetarium and gives visitors a chance to look at the Northern lights up and close. Tourists also have the option to explore universal phenomenons on various topics related to climate, environment, and energy. It features prominently in all lists of Norway places to visit.
Location: Hansine Hansens veg 17, 9019 Tromsø
Timings: 11AM- 4 PM
Entry fee: INR 1017
Suggested Read: 10 Classy Norway Hotels For The Best Views Of Fjords, Snow, & The Northern Lights
7. Tromsø Arctic-Alpine Botanic Garden

Suggested Read: This Misty Road Along The Rapids In Odda Valley, Norway Is Perfect For A Drive To Remember
This garden houses a unique collection of the flora of Northern Norway and is one of the most interesting places to visit in Norway. Flowering season starts in May and continues till October. The most fascinating sights here are purple saxifrage and yellow cushion plants, pasque flowers, and a variety of flowering bulbs.
Location: 9006 Tromsø
Location: 9006 Tromsø, Norway
Places To Visit In Bergen
One of the busiest ports in Norway, Bergen is covered by a range of hills known as the Seven Mountains. It is the country’s cultural hub hosting popular events like the Annual Bergen International Festival, Nattjazz Festival, and Bergenfest.
8. Colorful Bryggen Hanseatic Wharf

It is one of the most famous Norway destinations. The narrow streets and antique houses of wood, numerous eateries, studios, and workshops are literally asking to be explored. When you are there, do not miss out on the interesting Bryggen Museum which has on display many artefacts from the 14th century.
Location: Bryggen, 5003 Bergen, Norway
Timings: 9 AM – 4PM
Suggested Read: Norway In February Is All About Stargazing Northern Lights & Skiing On The Slopes
9. The Bergenhus Fortress

Suggested Read: This Sled Hotel In Finland Lets You Move Around For The Best Views Of Northern Lights!
This fascinating Scandinavian fortress dominates the entry to Bergens Harbor since the 16th century. When here, one must spend some time in the popular Bergenhus Fortress Museum that displays the contribution of women and many resistance groups during the German attacks.
Location: Vågen, 5003 Bergen, Norway
Timings: 6:30 AM- 11 AM
10. Bergen’s Royal Residence

The Hakon Hall was constructed for King Hakon Hakonsson in the 13th century. Built next to the Rosenkrantz tower, this exquisite structure has been extended many times as a reflection of their power and fortification.
Location: Gamlehaugvegen 10, 5230 Paradis
Further Read: 10 Romantic Things To Do In Norway For Couples
A vacation to Norway is nothing short of a dream come true for travelers looking for exotic experiences and out-of-the-world landscapes. So, leave behind your monotonous schedule and book a trip to Europe right away! Know any more places to visit in Norway? Put them in the comments below.
Disclaimer:  TravelTriangle claims no credit for images featured on our blog site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyrighted to its respectful owners. We try to link back to original sources whenever possible. If you own rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear on TravelTriangle, please contact us and they will be promptly removed. We believe in providing proper attribution to the original author, artist or photographer.

Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Norway

Q. What are the attractions located near TusenFryd?
A. Some of the must-visit attractions located close to TusenFryd are:
1. Perfect Escape Ski
2. Roald Amundsen”s Home
3. The Well
4. Da Vinci-broen

Q. What is the entry fee for travelers at TusenFryd?
A. The entry fee for travelers cost somewhere around 70 Norwegian Krone and the tickets for students cost 50 Korona whereas, the tickets for children would cost somewhere around 30 Korona. Guides are also included with the tickets.

Q. What is the best time to travel to Norway?
A. The best time when you can choose to travel to Norway is between the months of May and June and also in the months of September and October when the country is experiencing fall. The weather in these months is amazing and the places are not that crowded.

Q. What are the opening and closing timings of the Tromso University Museum?
A. The Tromso University Museum can be visited by tourists throughout the year. However, the museum is open from 10 AM to 4:30 PM for the tourists to visit.

Q. What are the various shows held at The Science Center of Northern Norway?
A. The various shows that travelers can enjoy at the Science Center of Northern Norway are:
1. Film Extreme Auroras
2. Northern Lights planetarium show

Q. What are the best shopping places in Oslo?
A. Some of the best shopping places in Oslo include:
1. Byporten Shopping
2. Oslo City Shopping Center
3. Karl Johans Gate Shopping Area
4. The Paleet Shopping Center

Q. What are some of the best cities to visit in Norway?
A. Some of the best cities that travelers must visit in Norway are:
1. Oslo
2. Bergen
3. Trondheim
4. Stavanger
5. Kristiansand

Looking To Book An International Holiday?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations.

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Europe, Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Chaukhandi Stupa Is An Interesting Spot For Your Next Trip To Varanasi In 2024     Exploring The Mysteries Of Samudra Koop Which Is A Sacred Well In Allahabad To Visit In 2024     A Comprehensive Guide To The Enchanting Beauty Of Dashashwamedh Ghat To Explore In 2024     A Pilgrim’s Guide To Dwarka’s Divine Temple Of Shree Dwarkadhish Temple To Explore In 2024     Experience The Spiritual Splendor Of Kalachakra Temple In Mcleodganj In 2024     A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > International > Places To Visit» > Top 10 Places To Visit In Norway For The Love Of History, Nature, And Architecture

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesInternational Tour PackagesMaldives Tour PackagesBali Tour PackagesDubai Tour PackagesSingapore Tour PackagesThailand Tour PackagesEurope Tour PackagesSri Lanka Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadInternational Tourism GuideThailand TourismBali TourismSingapore TourismMaldives TourismMauritius TourismDubai TourismEurope TourismTop International HotelsHotels in ThailandHotels in MaldivesHotels in MauritiusHotels in BaliHotels in DubaiHotels in SingaporeHotels in Sri Lanka     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found