URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-romania/
Title: 10 Places To Visit In Romania For A Perfect European Vacation
Description: Top places to visit in Romania for a truly enjoyable and peaceful vacation. Do visit Sarmizegetusa Regia, Citadel of Alba Iulia, Painted Monasteries and more.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        10 Places To Visit In Romania: Enjoy Completely While Touring This European Gem

        ..
        SHARES

        06 Apr  2023

            Written by Asif Anwar

Romania is an interesting country with a bold and cosmopolitan capital city of Bucharest as the largest city in the country. This country owns a plethora of quaint medieval towns, unique deltas and black seacoast that make it a region full of contrasts. The country has a rich history, culture and spirituality with some of the uncharted majestic mountains. There is an abundance of energetic wildlife which appeals it’s unimaginable natural treasures. That is why Romania remains one of the most sought after European travel destinations.
10 Best Places To Visit In Romania
Let’s quickly bring into focus the top places to visit in Romania, where you should go this vacation to spend it in the most perfect way possible:
1. Citadel of Alba Iulia

Image Source
The Citadel of Alba Iulia is one of the most famous places to visit in Romania. The key attractions include fantastic museums inside the ancient fortification, two fabulous cathedrals, wonderful sculptures and bars where you can sit and enjoy the views. The walk between the inner and outer walls is fantastic. There are gardens, water fountains, restaurants, and palaces to visit here. If you want, you can take a bus tour around the site or hire a bicycle. The views of this city and the surrounding countryside will take your breath away. Highly recommended for a perfect family trip plan.
Location: Calea Motilor, nr. 5A, Alba Iulia 510134, RomaniaKey Attractions: Catedrala Reîntregirii Neamului (Coronation Cathedral), St Michael’s Roman Catholic Cathedral, Obeliscul lui Horea, Closca si Crisan.Places to Stay: Hotel Citate, Hotel Apulum, Parc Hotel, Hotel Transilvania.How to Reach: The regular train routes like Viena/Budapest – Bucharest pass through several major cities in Romania. It remains a good option to consider for exploring Romania and its beauty.
Must Read: Oradea Nightlife: Your Guide To The Romanian City’s Best Pubs & Clubs

Europe Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle

Magnificent Switzerland Holiday 6D/5N Package @ Rs 69,999
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Magnificent Europe Tour 7D/6N Package @ Rs 70,975
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

France & Switzerland Tour Package 8D/7N @ Rs 90,000
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Scintillating Spain & Portugal Tour 11D/10N @ Rs 101,150
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

6 Country Europe Tour Package 12D/11N @ Rs 118,650
Best prices guaranteed. EMI option available.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Memorial of the Victims of Communism and of the Resistance

Image Source
This museum gives an excellent insight into a recent, dark period in Romanian history. It is an eye-opener on the communist period of Romania after World War II until 1989. Although, it is not an easy place to visit because it speaks of such tragedy, it offers enough insight into the sufferings of the past. It is invaluable to maintain the memory of those times and educate the new generations. And, for that, the Memorial of the Victims of Communism and the Resistance is amongst the tourist places to be visited in Romania at least once.
Location: Str. Corneliu Coposu No. 4, Sighetu Marmatiei 435500, RomaniaKey Attractions: Merry Cemetery, Church of the Holy Paraskeva, Geographical Centre of Europe.Places to Stay: Casa Lurca, Loca Loca Specialita Piadine, Carisma, Pensuine Restaurant Flamingo.
Suggested Read: Top 10 Things To Do In Oradea To Explore The Beautiful City Of Romania
3. Torre do Relogio

Torre do Relogio museum is full of interesting pieces of history from the medieval ages. It is located at the center of the old town and is next to the birthplace of Vlad Dracula. This museum has an easy walk to the viewing deck and every floor of this museum has a surprise for the tourists. It is suggested not to miss watching the clock mechanism on the tour, which is a specialty of this place and makes it one of the best places to visit in Romania.
Location: Strada Turnului, Sighisoara 545400, RomaniaKey Attractions: The Dracula Investigation, Art & Crafts, Sighisoara Historic Center.Places to Stay: Hotel Central Park, Hotel Sighisoara, Hotel Casa Wagner.How to Reach: The best way is to take a train from Brasov to Sighisoara to reach this destination.
Suggested Read: Enjoy Spicy & Lively Craiova Nightlife At These Bars & Pubs On Your Trip To Romania
4. Sighisoara Historic Centre

This place is a breath-taking sight with its charming old town, beautiful colored houses, and clock tower. The entire look of the place looks amazing. It comprises of some exceptionally beautiful cobbled streets, historic buildings, churches, and also picturesque small square at the heart of the city. With its narrow winding streets and exclusive buildings, this historic center of Sighisoara is likely to be one of the best places to visit in Romania without fail.
Location: Piata Cetatii Nr.1, Center of Sighisoara, Sighisoara 545400, RomaniaKey Attractions: The Dracula Investigation, Art and crafts, Torre do RelogioPlaces to Stay: Hotel Central Park, Hotel Sighisoara, Hotel Casa Wagner, Casa Savri.How to Reach: The best way is to take a train from Brasov to Sighisoara to reach this destination.
Suggested Read: 10 Bucharest Travel Tips Every Traveler Must Know Before Heading To This Romanian Capital!
5. Church on the Hill

Cool and quiet, this unique church is located in a high place, above the old town of Sighisoara and remains one of the perfect and best-suited places to visit in Romania with family. You can easily go down the crypt and wander among the pews and the historic exhibits throughout. It is highly suggested to take the covered staircase to the church on the Hill to view the beautiful frescos and also the old bell in this lovely church. Spend time to explore the church. You will find here many interesting features to admire.
Location: Sighisoara, RomaniaKey Attractions: The Dracula Investigation, Art and Crafts, Sighisoara Historic Center, Torre do Relogio.Places to Stay: Hotel Restaurant Claudiu, Hotel Central Park, Hotel Sighisoara, Restaurant-Pensiunea Joker.How to Reach: Trains are easily available from Brașov to Sighisoara, which can help you to reach here at the earliest.
Suggested Read: 10 Best Places To Visit In Oradea For Your Next Soothing Vacation In Romania
6. The Dracula Investigation

This is a fun, educational and enigmatic place that comes under the top 10 places to visit in Romania. The Dracula investigation tells Vlad Tepes history in a modern way. This is probably the only Vlad/Dracula-related attraction that does not rely on the cheap props and jump scares. It actually informs and entertains the travelers. Well worth a visit if you happen to drop by Sighisoara.
Location: Scolii 12, Sighisoara 545400, RomaniaKey Attractions: Art and Crafts, Sighisoara Historic center, Scara Acoperita-Covered staircase, Church on the Hill.Places to Stay: Hotel Sighisoara, Hotel Casa Wagner, Georgius Krauss House, Casa Savri.How to Reach: Travel to Romania via Air, and then trains are available from Brasov to Sighisoara.
Suggested Read: 10 Best Bucharest Villas For A Luxurious Stay In Romania
7. Danube Delta

By visiting the Danube Delta, you will have an opportunity to discover a fully preserved nature and protect that at the same time. All the organized activities in the Delta are part of an important ecotourism program. The highlights are the birds, egrettes, pelicans, swans, cormorants besides the landscape. They offer surprises, with dry sandy areas to others with the forest that you can cross on a horse-driven cart.
Location: Tulcea, RomaniaKey Attractions: Braila city tour, Science Museum, and Botanical Garden, Cocos Monastery.Places to Stay: Hotel Traian Braila, Hotel Saint-Germain, Hotel Belveder Braila, Hotel Triumph.How to Reach: There are two steps to reach here: first is getting to Tulcea – the most important city around this place and then from here you have to take a boat to your final destination.
Suggested Read: 10 Things To Do In Bucharest Which Will Let You Explore The Best Of This Romanian Capital!
8. Painted Monasteries of Bucovina

The painted monasteries are located in the northeast area and truly one-of-a-kind sights in Romania. They deserve to be seen – pretty unique and certainly worthy of being a UNESCO World Heritage site. The only thing to be kept in mind is that you should be dressed modestly while exploring this place.
Location: Suceava, RomaniaKey Attractions: Moldovita Monastery, Museul Oului, Museul International al Oualor Lucia Condrea.Places to Stay: Hotel Sofia, Popas Turistic Bucovina, Eden Hotel and Bungalows, Hotel leremia Movila.How to Reach: It is easily accessible from both Suceava and Lasi. Both of these places have airports.
Suggested Read: Autumn In Bucharest: A Handy Guide To Witness The Romanian Capital Shining!
9. Sarmizegetusa Regia

Located on top of a mountain at an elevation of 1,200 meters, the historic area is filled with centuries-old ruins, like the one sanctuary reminiscent of Stonehenge in England. The road to the site is amazing. Talking about the site, it is well preserved and the landmarks are best explained. Overall, this place is quiet and peaceful therefore remains a must-visit location.
Location: Natural Park Gradistea Muncelului – Cioclovina, RomaniaKey Attractions: Pestera Bolii, Dinosaur Geopark, Aqua Park Arsenal.Places to Stay: Hotel Petrosani, Bujor de Munte pension, Hotel Rusu, Casteldul de Vis.How to Reach: To reach this destination, you will have to do a break journey. For that first you will have to take a bus or train from Sibiu to Orastie, then a bus from Orastie to Costesti. And, from Costesti it is about 20 km away from Sarmizegetusa Regia. At this point, public transport ends. From this point, either you will have to walk or hitch a ride with other tourists or even locals.
Suggested Read: 12 Amazing Restaurants In Bucharest: To Try The Romanian Cuisine
10. Sulina Beach

Sulina is truly a small paradise that one needs to see with one’s own eyes and is surely one of the most important places to visit in Romania. The beach is long and wide with extremely fine and white sand. The sea is black from the combination of the Black Sea with Danube Delta. On the road to the beach, don’t forget to visit the old Sulina Cemetery which is about 2 kilometers from the beach. And, also have a walk to the Danube and see the old buildings as well as old boats.
Location: Sulina, RomaniaKey Attractions: Kayaking and Biking Sulina, Danube Delta, Letea Forest, 0 Kilometer.Places to Stay: Lebada Luxury Resort and Spa, Green Village Resort, Cormoran Resort, Puflene Resort.How to Reach: The only possible way to reach Sulina is by boat. There are daily ferries from Tulcea, with travel times ranging between 1 ½ and 4 hours. Most of them leave around 1:30 PM in the summer.
Further Read: Shopping In Bucharest: A Guide For Buying The Best Of Everything In The Romanian City
There is no dearth of places to visit in Romania. What remains important is how do you plan and add them while your itinerary is customized for maximum exploration of this region. Plan a trip to Romania  today to ensure that the above mentioned places are included for unlimited fun and exploration of this beautiful European nation.
Disclaimer: TravelTriangle claims no credit for images featured on our blog site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyrighted to its respectful owners. We try to link back to original sources whenever possible. If you own rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear on TravelTriangle, please contact us and they will be promptly removed. We believe in providing proper attribution to the original author, artist or photographer.
Please Note: Any information published by TravelTriangle in any form of content is not intended to be a substitute for any kind of medical advice, and one must not take any action before consulting a professional medical expert of their own choice.
Frequently Asked Questions about Places to Visit in Romania

What Romania is famous for?

						Romania is the twelfth-largest country in Europe and the northern-most region, known for its timeless villages, traditional wooden churches and enticing mountain landscape.

Is it safe to visit Romania during Covid?

						Make sure that you have completed both the doses of vaccinations and get yourself tested at least 48 hours before your departure. You need to follow all the travel guidelines mentioned by the authorities.

What is the most beautiful city in Romania?

						Romania is one of the prettiest countries in the world, which attracts tourists around the year. Some of the most beautiful cities here are Timisoara, Sibiu, Cluj, Iasi, Brasov, Constanta, etc.

Do people talk in English for interaction in Romania?

						Most people who work at hotels and train stations speak English and they are generally helpful.

What is the currency used in Romania?

						The Romanian Leu is the currency of Romania.

Is Romania an expensive destination for tourists?

						Romania is an affordable holiday destination that offers excellent value for money for lots of things.

What is the main international airport in Romania?

						Bucharest Henri Coanda Airport is Romania’s busiest international airport. Other than that, there are Arad Internațional Airport, Bacău “George Enescu” International Airport, Baia Mare Airport Cluj “Avram Iancu” International Airport, Constanța “Mihail Kogălniceanu” International Airport and more.

Does India need a visa for Romania?

						Yes, a Romanian visa for citizens of India is required.

Looking To Book An International Holiday?

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read:
 Places To Visit In Portugal   Places To Visit In Poland   Places To Visit In Salzburg

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST

                Category: Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Chaukhandi Stupa Is An Interesting Spot For Your Next Trip To Varanasi In 2024     Exploring The Mysteries Of Samudra Koop Which Is A Sacred Well In Allahabad To Visit In 2024     A Comprehensive Guide To The Enchanting Beauty Of Dashashwamedh Ghat To Explore In 2024     A Pilgrim’s Guide To Dwarka’s Divine Temple Of Shree Dwarkadhish Temple To Explore In 2024     Experience The Spiritual Splendor Of Kalachakra Temple In Mcleodganj In 2024     A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > International > Places To Visit» > 10 Places To Visit In Romania: Enjoy Completely While Touring This European Gem

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesInternational Tour PackagesMaldives Tour PackagesBali Tour PackagesDubai Tour PackagesSingapore Tour PackagesThailand Tour PackagesEurope Tour PackagesSri Lanka Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadInternational Tourism GuideThailand TourismBali TourismSingapore TourismMaldives TourismMauritius TourismDubai TourismEurope TourismTop International HotelsHotels in ThailandHotels in MaldivesHotels in MauritiusHotels in BaliHotels in DubaiHotels in SingaporeHotels in Sri Lanka

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found
