URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-czechia/
Title: 14 Pretty Places To Visit In Czechia That Are World Famous
Description: We’ve shortlisted 14 places to visit in Czechia, ranging from historic cities and world class architecture to dreamy castles and picturesque natural wonders.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        14 Places To Visit In Czechia On Your Europe Backpacking Trip

        ..
        SHARES

        11 Apr  2023

            Written by Sushmita Ghangas

The Czechia is a favourite tourist attraction for many travellers who are looking for something off the conventional European route. With a variety of picturesque historic cities, top class architecture, dreamy castles and beautiful natural wonders, this Central European nation should certainly be present in every itinerary. It is a dream getaway for those who like older architecture, partly because this small landlocked country was largely unsullied during the world wars. The result is a never ending list of scenic places to visit in Czechia.
Top 14 Places To Visit In Czechia
While you waltz around, why not experience the fantasy world? Czech has a lot to offer to its guests. Take a look at these 14 places to visit in Czechia:

Old Town Square
 Villa Tugendhat
Český Krumlov Castle
Diana Lookout Tower
Pilsner Urquell Brewery
Charles Bridge
VIDA! Centre of Science
Church of Saint Barbara
Moser Glass Museum
 The Holy Trinity Column
The Lesser Town
The Bohemian Switzerland National Park
Konopiste Castle
The Sedlec Ossuary

1. Old Town Square

Image Source
It was founded in the 12th century. It is the most vital square in historic Prague and has witnessed several historical events. Along with the Old Town Hall and Our Lady’s Church before Týn, the square is monopolised by St. Nicholas Baroque Church, Rococo Kinský Palace, Stone Bell Gothic House and Jan Hus Monument. The memorial stones describe the slaying of 27 Czech lords in 1621 and the meridian of Prague is on the square.
Location: Prague
Must Read: Prague Castle In Czech Republic: An All-Inclusive Guide To A Fairytale Palace

Europe Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle
Explore the most beautiful places to visit in Europe, from Paris to the Venice canals and from the Greek islands to the Swiss alps. Book customized packages by expert agents on TravelTriangle. Inclusive of airport transfers, cab, resort, sightseeing and meals. Best holiday experience Guaranteed. Book Now

Magnificent Switzerland Holiday 6D/5N Package @ Rs 69,999
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Magnificent Europe Tour 7D/6N Package @ Rs 70,975
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

France & Switzerland Tour Package 8D/7N @ Rs 90,000
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Scintillating Spain & Portugal Tour 11D/10N @ Rs 101,150
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

6 Country Europe Tour Package 12D/11N @ Rs 118,650
Best prices guaranteed. EMI option available.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Villa Tugendhat

Image Source
The Villa of Greta and Fritz Tugendhat, which was designed by designer Ludwig Mies van der Rohe in 1929, is a modern architectural monument and is the only instance of contemporary architecture in the Czechia. It is listed as a UNESCO World Cultural Heritage Site. It houses an exhibition portraying the owners, the architect and the family life in the Villa until 1938, when the Tugendhaft were compelled to immigrate due to the risk of the Second World War.
Location: Cernopolni 45, Brno 613 00, Czechia
3. Český Krumlov Castle

Image Source
The Český Krumlov Castle is among the most essential architectural and cultural memorials in Central Europe. Maybe it is because of its hidden position in the far corner of South Bohemia. The initial layout, material framework, interior installations and architectural particulars from the 14th to the 19th century are a constant reminder of Czech history.
Location: Zamek cp. 59, Cesky Krumlov 381 01, Czechia
Suggested Read: 3 Days In Prague: For An Enthralling Holiday In This Scenic City Of Czech Republic!
4. Diana Lookout Tower

Image Source
Diana is probably Karlovy Vary’s most popular tourist attraction. Take the Colonnade Street to get directly to this lovely place. You can eat in the restaurant Diana, encircled by spa forests while viewing peacocks. From the Diana lookout tower, you can take flawless pictures of all of Karlovy Vary and the surrounding countryside. There is also a historic restaurant for hikers and a shop with food and trinkets. Do not overlook he entrance to the observation tower, the mini zoo and the play area for children.
Location: Vrc Pratelstvi 5/1, Karlovy Vary 360 01, Czechia
5. Pilsner Urquell Brewery

Image Source
Each nation has its icons and lore, and the Czechs include the Pilsner Urquell lager, which has been distilled into a town called Plzen (Pilsen). Since then, the notoriety of Pilsner Urquell beer has spread far and wide. Over two-thirds of the beer manufactured today is commonly known as pils, pilsner or pilsener, influenced by this exceptional brew.
Location: U Prazdroje 64/7, Pilsen 301 00, Czechia
Suggested Read: Shopping In Czech Republic: For Adding More Charm To Your Wardrobe With A European Touch
6. Charles Bridge

Image Source
The oldest bridge in Prague was constructed in 1342 to displace the Judith Bridge, which was severely damaged by catastrophic flooding. The Stone or Prague Bridge, known as the Charles Bridge since 1870, was commenced by Charles IV in 1357 and finished in 1402. The bridge is constructed of blocks of sandstone, surrounded by patrolled towers at each end. From 1683 to 1928, the bridge was decorated with thirty statues of saints, perhaps the most popular of which was the statue of St. John of Nepomuk.
Location: Karluv most, Prague 11000, Czechia
7. VIDA! Centre of Science

Image Source
There are many experiences waiting for you in VIDA! Centre of science. In the vicinity of the Brno trade fair complex, playful adventurers of all ages will find more than one hundred and seventy interactive displays. These displays encompass almost 5,000 square meters, offering young adults a stronger comprehension of the world around them.
Location: Krizkovskeho 554/12, Brno 603 00, Czechia
Suggested Read: Czech Republic Nightlife: 5 Electrifying Night Scenes In The Beer Country!
8. Church of Saint Barbara

Image Source
The most incredible scenes of the Church of Saint Barbara are concealed from the eyes of the visitor. The churches were not only constructed for our adoration, but they are primarily devoted to God and the oddest objects are placed high above the church. You can laud the terrific fauna, like chimaeras, bats, daemons, harpies, frogs and winged rams, with the help of binoculars. You can find a monkey holding an orange on one of the southern pillars.
Location: Kutna Hora, Czechia
9. Moser Glass Museum

Image Source
Inhale the aroma of fired wooden moulds and the 160-year old history of the glassworks in Moser. You can also attend the Karlovy Vary shopping gallery or the museum, whose exhibits depict the history of glass works, ranging from the most ancient creations to the latest catalogues.
Location: Kpt. Jaroshe 46/19, Karlovy Vary 360 06, Czechia
Suggested Read: Top 10 Theme Parks In Czech Republic That Will Bring Out Your Inner Child
10. The Holy Trinity Column

Image Source
Situated in a solitary sculptural memorial in Europe, the Holy Trinity Column in Olomouc is the biggest assemblage of baroque statues. The column is 35 meters high and its bottom part is home to a chapel. The sculptural decor consists of eighteen stone sculptures sculpted by saints, twelve light-bearers and six relief bustles. The column is monopolised by the Holy Trinity’s golden copper sculptures on the top and the Assumption of the Virgin under it.
Location: Olomouc, Czechia
11. The Lesser Town

Image Source
The Lesser Town, or just the Lesser or Little Quarter, is clustered around Prague Castle’s foothills on the opposite banks of the Vltava River from the Old Town. The Lesser Town is practically too scenic for its own sake-with its olden burgher houses, rustic side streets and St. Nicholas Church. The Town is a favorite place for films and advertising.
Location: Pražská, Krásná Lípa, 40746, Czechia
Suggested Read: 4 Adventuresome National Parks In Czech Republic For The Love Of Nature & Wildlife
12. The Bohemian Switzerland National Park

Image Source
The Bohemian Switzerland National Park, established on 1 January 2000 and covering an area of almost 80 km sq, is the newest national park in the Czechia. The park is connected to the Saxon Switzerland National Park in Germany, which was founded in 1990 and encompasses an area of 93 km sq on its northern side.The National Park’s mission is to maintain the beauty of the region and to allow natural processes to occur in this region organically. The human interventions are restricted to maintain natural balance in this place.
Location: Malostranske Namesti, Praha 1, Prague 11800, Czechia
13. Konopiste Castle

Image Source
This intimidating castle was founded in 1300 by the Benesovec family and is a splendid example of the medieval fortification architecture inspired by the French.This building, which began as a Gothic castle in the late 13th century, has been one of the most important historical figures over the years. The last proprietor was the successor to the Austro – Hungarian crown, Archduke Franz Ferdinand d’Este, who was slain in Sarajevo in 1914 along with his wife Sophia.
Location: Konopiště 1, Benešov, Czechia
Suggested Read: Trekking In Czech Republic: Everything From The Best Trails To The Right Time!
14. The Sedlec Ossuary

Image Source
The Sedlec ossuary, a tiny chapel in the cemetery of the Church of All Saints, is adorned with bones of almost forty thousand people. In the four bends of the chapel, the biggest collection of bones is organised in the form of bells.The most intriguing creations are the chandelier in the center of the nave, which contains all the bones of the human body.
Location: Zamecka 279, Kutna Hora 284 03, Czechia
Further Read: Czech Republic In January: A Mini Guide To Explore This Country’s Magnificent Views!
The Czechia is bubbling in the very soul of central Europe with a mixture of Bohemian history, Moravian elegance and Slavic panache. Its towns are bordered by Gothic wonders and are bursting with Baroque majesty. Its countryside possesses eye-catching forests, cave systems and mountainous regions. We hope this list helps you to experience these pretty places to visit in Czechia on your trip to Europe.
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Czechia

What is the best time to visit Czechia?

						The ideal time to visit Czech Republic is during spring which is from mid-March to mid May. Other than this, fall (September – mid November) also makes a wonderful season to explore Czech. The weather is utterly pleasant during these months.

Which are some of the best spots for couples?

						Out of many, these are the best romantic places in Czech Republic for couples to visit: 1. Lobkowicz Palace 2. Moravia 3. Karlovy Vary 4. Castle Hill 5. Olomouc 6. Mariánské Lázně 7. Třebíč 8. Liberec 9. Pruhonice Park

Which places in Czechia showcase its nightlife?

						These are some of the best places where you can witness the nightlife of Czechia: 1. Pivovar U Bulovky 2. Pivovarský dům 3. U Medvídků 4. Vinohradský Pivovar 5. Klášterní pivovar Strahov 6. U Tří růží

Is it safe to drink tap water in Czech Republic?

						It is safe to consume tap water in large cities like Prague. If travelers are visiting rural areas, then it is recommended to drink bottled water only.

Which are the top-rated tourist attractions in Czech Republic?

						Following are the best tourist spots in Czech: 1. Prague’s Charles Bridge 2. St. Vitus Cathedral 3. Prague’s Old Town Square & Wenceslas Square 4. Český Krumlov Castle 5. Brno’s Cathedral of St. Peter and Paul 6. The Colonnades and Spas of Karlovy Vary 7. Prague Castle

What is the currency used in Czechia?

						The Czech Koruna is the currency of Czechia.

Looking To Book An International Holiday?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations.

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read
Places To Visit In Hungary Places To Visit In Poland Places To Visit In Bucharest

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST

                Category: Czech Republic, Europe, Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Chaukhandi Stupa Is An Interesting Spot For Your Next Trip To Varanasi In 2024     Exploring The Mysteries Of Samudra Koop Which Is A Sacred Well In Allahabad To Visit In 2024     A Comprehensive Guide To The Enchanting Beauty Of Dashashwamedh Ghat To Explore In 2024     A Pilgrim’s Guide To Dwarka’s Divine Temple Of Shree Dwarkadhish Temple To Explore In 2024     Experience The Spiritual Splendor Of Kalachakra Temple In Mcleodganj In 2024     A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > International > Czech Republic» > 14 Places To Visit In Czechia On Your Europe Backpacking Trip

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesInternational Tour PackagesMaldives Tour PackagesBali Tour PackagesDubai Tour PackagesSingapore Tour PackagesThailand Tour PackagesEurope Tour PackagesSri Lanka Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadInternational Tourism GuideThailand TourismBali TourismSingapore TourismMaldives TourismMauritius TourismDubai TourismEurope TourismTop International HotelsHotels in ThailandHotels in MaldivesHotels in MauritiusHotels in BaliHotels in DubaiHotels in SingaporeHotels in Sri Lanka

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: Attraction: Old Town Square

          Attraction: Villa Tugendhat

          Attraction: Český Krumlov Castle

          Attraction: Diana Lookout Tower

          Attraction: Pilsner Urquell Brewery

          Attraction: Charles Bridge

          Attraction: VIDA! Centre of Science

          Attraction: Church of Saint Barbara

          Attraction: Moser Glass Museum

          Attraction: The Holy Trinity Column

          Attraction: The Lesser Town

          Attraction: The Bohemian Switzerland National Park

          Attraction: Konopiste Castle

          Attraction: The Sedlec Ossuary
