URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-greenland/
Title: 12 Places To Visit In Greenland For An Amazing Exploration In 2023!
Description: These 12 places to visit in Greenland will make your 2023 trip a memorable one with your family and friends. Each place is a must visit during your vacation here!
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        12 Places To Visit In Greenland That Will Tempt You To Revisit The Country In 2024!

        ..
        SHARES

        11 Apr  2023

            Written by Sushmita Ghangas 

Owing to its location between the North Atlantic and Arctic Oceans, close to the North Pole, Greenland is mostly covered in ice. As a result, its marginal populace (estimated to be 56,171) lives along the fjord-lined coast in the southwest. Its location makes it subject to beguiling phenomena such as the midnight sun during the summers and the northern lights during the winters. 
Greenland is a Danish territory, with Denmark having granted its home rule in 1979. Since a majority of the population is Inuit, the culture of Greenland is mainly dominated by Inuit beliefs and practices. However, the rest of the populace includes the descendants of Norse colonists and is associated with the Lutheran Church. Therefore, it is a mix of traditional Inuit and Scandinavian cultures.
17,000 people are settled in the capital city of Nuuk. Subsequently, icebergs and glaciers make for the highlight of this country and contribute to its ethereal beauty. The inhabitants of Greenland are the various immigrated people who possess unparalleled abilities that help them survive unusual temperatures. There are quite a number of places to visit in Greenland that will make your vacation in this country worthwhile.
12 Places To Visit In Greenland
Covering all the spots is never possible while you are vacationing, therefore the list below will help you cover some of the best places to visit in Greenland that will let you experience this country in all its exquisite glory.
1. Ilulissat Icefjord

Image Source
Announced as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2004, the Ilulissat Icefjord stretches 40km from the Greenland ice sheet to Disko Bay. Jakobshavn Isbræ, the most productive glacier at the Northern Hemisphere, is located at the eastern end of this fjord. Almost 20 billion tonnes of icebergs get passed out of the fjord each year after they’ve melted. 
To witness the gorgeous vistas that this ever-changing and ephemeral site has to offer. you can either go for a hike, hire a boat, or you can take a helicopter tour to get an aerial view.
Location: Avannaata, Greenland

Looking To Book An International Holiday?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations.

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Disko Bay

Image Source
Occupying the western coast of Greenland, this bay has historical significance, as it was at this place Erik the Red, a Norse explorer first started a settlement in 985 AD. The Inuits, however, are said to have encountered Disko Bay even earlier than 2400 BC. 
The nutritious waters make it a habitat conducive to the survival of a wide array of marine lives such as benthic and pelagic fishes. During springtime, you can even catch a glimpse of the bowhead, humpback pilo, killer and narwhal whales. 
It is also the site where you can view gulls, kittiwakes, cormorants, eider ducks, and migratory birds such as harp, bearded, ringed and hooded seals. The tours would last either a three hours or as long as an entire week.
Location: Arctic
Must Read: 10 Best American Road Trips For An Unforgettable Journey In The Land Of Enchanting Sceneries!
3. Knud Rasmussen’s Museum

Image Source
Located in Ilulissat, this museum, dedicated to the memory and contributions of Danish explorer Knud Rasmussen, was also his birthplace and is one of the famous places to visit in Greenland. It was also where Rasmussen spent his time away from the hustle and bustle of the city to immerse himself in his work and the tranquil solace the environment offered. 
Built in 1917, the architect, Helge Bojsen-Møller, was inspired by the style of English cottages. After gathering stones from many different places, Memorial Cairn was raised on a hill overlooking the house in honour of Rasmussen’s achievements. 
Address: Knud Rasmussens Vej 9, 3390 Hundested, Denmark
Contact: +45 47 72 06 05
Suggested Read: 10 Amazing Things To Do In Greenland You Would Not Want To Miss
4. The Magnificent Ice Cap

Image Source
Measuring over 2,000,000 cubic kilometers, the Greenland Ice Sheet is a behemoth-like spread falling below Antarctica, as the second largest ice sheet in the world. If the entirety of this vast expanse were to melt, sea levels would rise by a frightening 7 meters! 
This one’s surely going to give you goosebumps. You can have a bird's eye view of the sheet in a helicopter to admire its beguiling beauty or walk on it in Kangerlussuaq if you wish to admire the ice up close in all its different shapes and sizes. You must add this on your list as this is one of the interesting places to visit in Greenland.
Location: Short distance from Disko Bay
Suggested Read: Shopping In Greenland: 6 Kind Of Items You Must Not Leave Greenland Without
5. Katuaq

Image Source
One of the top places to visit in Greenland is Katuaq which was designed by Schmidt Hammer Lassen. This modernist structure is L-shaped. It contains two auditoria. The bigger auditorium can seat more than a thousand people and is, thus, used for showing films or plays and hosting concerts or conferences. The smaller auditorium can accommodate 508 people. 
The building has a backward-leaning, Northern Lights-inspired screen that overlooks Nuuk’s central space. It is raised above the ground and made of larch wood on both sides. It was constructed in coalition between the Nuuk Municipal Centre, Nordic Council of Ministers, and the Greenland Home Rule Government in 1997.
Address: Imaneq 21, Nuuk 3900, Greenland
Contact: +299 36 37 70
Suggested Read: 14 Awesome New Year Parties In USA That You Must Be A Part Of
6. ‘Church Of Our Saviour’ Or Nuuk Cathedral

Image Source
Consecrated in 1849, this church is a prominent site where most of its population gathers to celebrate National Day and other festivals. Its distinctive red colour and spire make this structure so simplistic yet endearing. 
In front of the cathedral is a bronze statue of the organist Jonathan Petersen and on the hill overlooking the church is a Statue of Hans Egede, both of which are prominent landmarks. The church, thus, reflects the Lutheran populace that constitutes a minor demographic of the country.
Address: Nuuk 3900, Greenland
Suggested Read: 10 Best Hostels In Greenland That Are Perfect For Your Next Budget Friendly Vacay

Planning your holiday but confused about where to go? These travel stories help you find your best trip ever!
Real travel stories. Real stays. Handy tips to help you make the right choice.

Ramya Narrates The Story Of 6 Girls On An Extraordinary Trip To Thailand
Bangkok. Phi Phi. Krabi. Why should guys have all the fun?
Read More

Sandeep Illustrates On The Best Activities For A Family Trip To Mauritius
Water sports. Cocktail parties. And unlimited fun at Casela.
Read More

Nisarg Can't Stop Praising His Honeymoon Trip To Maldives
There was snorkeling, sightseeing, luxury, comfort, & much more!
Read More

Sabyacsachi's Romantic Trip Proves Europe To Be The Mother Of All Vacations
For Art, Culture, Luxury, & more...
Read More

Srishti Talks Of Her Amazing Trip To Singapore With Her Mother & Niece
A fun-filled destination for ages indeed!
Read More

67-Year Old Sridhar Tells How He Beat The Odds & Took A Solo Trip To Dubai
Desert safari. Burj Khalifa. Welcoming locals. Tell me more!
Read More

Not Adventure Lovers? Saurabh's Family Trip Proves Hong Kong To Still Be Full Of Fun
Your kids will love Disney Land & Ocean Park!
Read More

Ravi's Tale Of A Sri Lanka Family Tour Is All You Need To Know About Ramayana Tour
For the love of Ramayana & Travel!
Read More

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

7. Greenland National Museum And Archives

Image Source
The Greenland National Museum and Archives was one of the oldest museums in Greenland built in the mid-60s. It also accommodates the neighboring cooper’s workshop and a blubber vats’ display. Its main attractions are the mummies of three women and a six-month-old child dug up at Qilakitsoq. Greenland National Museum And Archives are also one of the most frequented tourist attractions in Greenland. It also has on display several other archaeological artifacts such as excavated tools and provides an insight into ruins, buildings, and more. It also provides information about anthropological phenomena.
Address: Hans Egedes Vej 8, Nuuk 3900, Greenland
Contact: +299 32 26 11
Suggested Read: 16 Food Festivals In USA Every Food Lover Should Attend
8. Eqi Glacier

If you are looking for one of the most beautiful places to visit in Greenland, then there’s one sight you must witness - ice breaking off of Eqi glacier. A boat takes you close enough to experience this cascading spectacle, it is quite an event! The Eqi Glacier ends in the fjord 80 km north of Ilulissat. 
Its natural beauty is unparalleled and sure to leave you in awe of not just its own but the nature’s magnificence as a whole! The little fishing boats in which the tours are offered, go through the cold water right into the shadow of the glacier for you to witness the collision of ice and water.
Location: Ataa Strait, 80 km north of Ilulissat
Suggested Read: 10 Top-Rated Casinos In USA To Try Your Luck And Roll The Dice!
9. Mother Of The Sea

Image Source
Located in the water next to Nuuk Cathedral, the “Mother of the Sea” sculpture was designed by a popular Greenland artist, Aka Høegh. It is a reference to an Inuit folklore and legend about the Mother of the Sea who makes sure that the fishermen do not take more than they need. 
The legend is therefore a parable of greed and subsequently its moral is embodied in this granite sculpture.
Location: Nuuk 3900, Greenland
10. Northeast Greenland National Park

Image Source
It is a home to several diverse species of marine and terrestrial fauna such as, polar bears, walruses, musk oxen, arctic hare, arctic fox, ringed al, bearded seal, harp seal, Beluga and narwhal whale and collared lemming.
Several species of birds are visible too, such as, barnacle goose, common eider, gyrfalcon, raven, etc. It was established in 1974. 
Address: H.J. Rinkip Aqqutaa 9, Nuuk 3900, Greenland
Suggested Read: 11 Halloween Parties In USA You Should Attend To Shake Things Up
11. Scoresby Sund

Image Source
Occupying almost a 110 kilometers off the Greenland coast, the Scoresby Sund is the largest fjord system in the entire world. Formed by years of seismic ice movements and floating icebergs, this is a must-visit place in order to experience the beguiling charm of the Arctic regions. 
If you choose to go on a polar expedition of the Scoresby Sund, you will surely witness polar bears and the narwhal whales swimming in the oceans. For the bird lover in you, there’s also a variety of seabirds, such as guillemots and puffins. So, do not forget your binoculars.
Location: Off the eastern coast of Greenland, in the Greenland Sea
12. Uunartoq

Image Source
There isn’t a dearth of hot springs in Greenland but the only ones that are warm enough to bathe in are the ones present in Uunartoq. You can lie in its hot waters to relax while enjoying the pristine beauty of the serene natural landscape as you replenish your body and mind at the same time. 
The only man-made structures present on this island are the gangways and a cottage for you to change in.
Location: Lies halfway between Qaqortoq and Nanortali; is accessible during the day via boats.
Further Read: 10 Hot Springs In USA Which Will Give You Relaxing Spa Like Experience Amidst The Nature!
We hope that the places to visit in Greenland listed above will enable you to experience the pristine beauty of this country. Each place you visit during your international vacation in Greenland will leave you with pleasant memories that shall last a lifetime.
Disclaimer: TravelTriangle claims no credit for images featured on our blog site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyrighted to its respectful owners. We try to link back to original sources whenever possible. If you own the rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear on TravelTriangle, please contact us and they will be promptly removed. We believe in providing proper attribution to the original author, artist or photographer.
Please Note: Any information published by TravelTriangle in any form of content is not intended to be a substitute for any kind of medical advice, and one must not take any action before consulting a professional medical expert of their own choice.
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Greenland

What is the most beautiful place in Greenland?

						There are the 3 most beautiful places in Greenland which include Nuuk, Ilulissat Icefjord, Quasigiannguit. Thousands of travellers have visited the country to explore the ice sheet, experience the northern lights and see the playful whales.                     

How many days do you need in Greenland?

						Greenland is a huge Island and there are many small towns which are worth visiting. You will need at least one week to explore some of the best places in Greenland.                     

Is it now safe to plan a visit to Greenland? 

						Yes, it is safe to plan a trip to Greenland as there are very few cases of Covid-19 to date. Tourists who are fully vaccinated may plan to travel to Greenland.                     

What is the best time to visit Greenland?

						Months, starting from June to August are the perfect time to plan a trip to Greenland as tourists can enjoy while watching the midnight sun, giant whales and hot springs during these months.                     

How warm is Greenland in the summer?

						The temperature never exceeds above 10 degrees celsius during the warmest months of summer due to the arctic climate conditions. The air quality in Greenland is the best in the world due to the geographical position of the country.                     

Is Greenland expensive for tourists?

						There is no doubt that Greenland is not a budget-friendly destination. Therefore, before planning a trip to the Arctic region, one must check out the available price of the hotels and also                     

What are the opening and closing hours of Knud Rasmussen’s Museum?

						The opening and closing hours of Knud Rasmussen’s Museum is from 12 noon to 4 pm.                     

What is the warmest area in Greenland?

						The southwestern area is considered the warmest part of Greenland. The highest recorded temperature here in Greenland is 30 degrees Celcius.                     

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations.

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read:
Places To Visit In Denmark Places To Visit In Alaska Places To Visit In Canada

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle     Visit The Holy Potra Kund In Mathura To Find Serenity     Seva Kunj In Vrindavan Is Where You Offer Prayers To Radha-Krishna     Explore The Beauty Of Chandrashekhar Azad Park In Uttar Pradesh     Explore The Historic Beauty Of Khusro Bagh In Uttar Pradesh     Explore The Tranquil And Green Refuge Of Rajghat Park Amidst Bustling Ayodhya In 2024        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > International > Places To Visit» > 12 Places To Visit In Greenland That Will Tempt You To Revisit The Country In 2024!

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesInternational Tour PackagesMaldives Tour PackagesBali Tour PackagesDubai Tour PackagesSingapore Tour PackagesThailand Tour PackagesEurope Tour PackagesSri Lanka Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadInternational Tourism GuideThailand TourismBali TourismSingapore TourismMaldives TourismMauritius TourismDubai TourismEurope TourismTop International HotelsHotels in ThailandHotels in MaldivesHotels in MauritiusHotels in BaliHotels in DubaiHotels in SingaporeHotels in Sri Lanka     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found