URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-croatia/
Title: 10 Artsy Places To Visit In Croatia On Your Next Europe Tour
Description: Here are the 10 places to visit in Croatia for the young & the old, the quaint & the groovy, the early larks & the night owls like Dubrovnik, Hvar, & more.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        10 Artsy Places To Visit In Croatia To End One’s Quest For The Archaic And The Lively

        ..
        SHARES

        11 Apr  2023

            Written by Deepti Gupta 

Croatia is an enchanting Mediterranean country bridging central Europe and the Balkans. It is a traveler’s paradise encompassing in itself all that one could wish for. It boasts of its medieval heritage where the Roman ruins have given way to the cocktail bars. Enticed to visit yet? Below is your Croatia travel guide and the best places to visit in Croatia. Listed below are some places to visit in Croatia you must check out on your next trip to Europe.
The 10 Captivating Places To Visit In Croatia
Here are our top picks and it is like a Croatia places to visit map. Read on:

Dubrovnik
Hvar
Zagreb
Trogir
Split
Zadar
Korčula
Rovinj
Pula
Vis

1. Dubrovnik

Suggested Read: Plitvice Lakes National Park In Croatia Is The Dreamy World Of Waterfalls
Remember these steps? Cersei walked down these very stairs of Dubrovnik. All you GOT fans out there, this is our very own King’s Landing, thus topping the listing of places to visit in Croatia. This city reeks of the late Renaissance period adorned with the houses from that period on both sides of the street. This UNESCO world heritage site is often referred to as the ‘Pearl of the Adriatic’. This late medieval walled city has beautiful churches, monasteries, fountains, and palaces, and is an intricate blend of Gothic and Baroque architecture.

Suggested Read: Croatia National Parks: 10 Escapes To Enjoy The Astounding Wonders Of Nature!
Location: The southern part of the Croatian coastPlaces to visit in Dubrovnik: Lokrum, Srd mountain, Lovrijenac, Rector’s Palace, Walls of Dubrovnik

Europe Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle
Explore the most beautiful places to visit in Europe, from Paris to the Venice canals and from the Greek islands to the Swiss alps. Book customized packages by expert agents on TravelTriangle. Inclusive of airport transfers, cab, resort, sightseeing and meals. Best holiday experience Guaranteed. Book Now

Magnificent Switzerland Holiday 6D/5N Package @ Rs 69,999
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Magnificent Europe Tour 7D/6N Package @ Rs 70,975
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

France & Switzerland Tour Package 8D/7N @ Rs 90,000
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Scintillating Spain & Portugal Tour 11D/10N @ Rs 101,150
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

6 Country Europe Tour Package 12D/11N @ Rs 118,650
Best prices guaranteed. EMI option available.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Hvar

Image Source
Suggested Read: Croatia Nightlife: 16 Best Party Places To Dance The Night Away!
Wouldn’t it be enticing to get lost in the scent of lavender? Hvar which is often called the “island of lavender” is known for its vineyards and lavender fields apart from its century-old fortress and cathedral reminding one of the Renaissance. This island in Croatia is amongst the most beautiful fortified harbors exhibiting its 13th-century walls. You can find some of the most beautiful Croatia vacation spots right here. Its warm summers and mild winters make it a year-round destination and amongst the top places to visit in Croatia. A haven for theatre enthusiasts, it has Europe’s oldest public theatre which was constructed in 1612.
Location: The Adriatic sea off the Dalmatian coastPlaces to visit in Hvar: Paklinski Islands, Šćedro, Stari Grad Plain, Tvrdalj Castle, Franciscan Monastery
3. Zagreb

Image Credit: GoDex by Flickr
Suggested Read: Honeymoon In Croatia: All You Need To Plan An Incredible Escape
It is the capital city of Croatia and one of the largest. It is a beautiful old town dotted with museums and art galleries. Zagreb is the heart of modern-day Croatia’s culture. It is a perfect blend of art, gastronomy, music, culture, and architecture. The Jarun lake located in its vicinity has some of the most sensational lakeside discos.
Location: Northwest CroatiaPlaces to visit in Zagreb: Mirogoj, Dolac Market, Lauba Art Gallery, Museum of Mimara, Croatian National Theatre, Jarun lake.
4. Trogir

Image Source
Confined within the medieval walls, Trogir is a UNESCO protected historic city. It is located on an island and is connected to the mainland through bridges. It is a paragon of different styles of architecture. One can find Romanesque, Baroque, and Renaissance styled buildings here. Through its tiny size, it holds for its travelers a colossal of charm!
Location: A small island between the Croatian mainland and the island of CiovoPlaces to visit in Trogir: Cipiko Palace, Central Square, The St Lawrence Cathedral, North Gate
5. Split

Image Source
Suggested Read: 14 Essential Europe Travel Tips For The Newbies!
It is the second largest city of Croatia and a cultural hub too. Split has some of the most picturesque beaches with white sands and turquoise waters which make them utopian! This modern hub boasts of a rich, intriguing history. This port city today has some of the choicest bars and wineries.
Location: Adriatic coast, central DalmatiaPlaces to visit in Split: Diocletian Palace, Riva Waterfront, Cathedral of St. Domnius, Marjan hill
6. Zadar

Image Credit: neufal54 by Pixabay
Zadar is still an unexplored region of pure beauty and sumptuous history. It is still an uncharted territory compared to other parts of Croatia. But that does not make it inaccessible! It is well connected through all modes of transportation like boats, buses, trains, cars, and even flights.
Location: Adriatic SeaPlaces to visit in Zadar: Church of St. Donatus, Zadar Cathedral, Sea Organ, Monument to the Sun
7. Korčula

Image Source
Suggested Read: App To The Rescue: Croatia Getting A Handy Boat Service To Fix Its Commuting Problem!
It is a Croatian island covered in olive groves, pine forests, and vineyards. The dense woodlands made the Greek settlers call it the ‘Black Korčula’. It is adorned by coves and sandy beaches towards the south, and pebbled beaches in the north. Korčula is known to have preserved its folklore. In fact, even you can be a part of its ancient religious ceremonies and enjoy traditional dance and music that lures in travelers from around the world.
Location: Central DalmatiaPlaces to visit in Korčula: Korcula old city, Proizd island, Pupnatska Luka beach, St. Mark’s Cathedral
8. Rovinj

Image Credit: Momonator by pixabay
Situated on a hilly peninsula by the sea, it is a beautiful Mediterranean fishing port. This archipelago of 14 islands have cobbled streets giving it the feel of a romantic old town! It is one of the exotic places in Croatia. But today it is a major attraction for tourists with its comfortable hotels and amazing restaurants. It is a perfect mix of rural and urban, making it one of the best places to go in Croatia for couples.
Location: North Adriatic sea.Places to visit in Rovinj: Lim, Church of St. Euphemia, Sveti Andrija, Rovinj Heritage Museum.
9. Pula

Image Source
Suggested Read: 50 Amazing Travel Experiences Around The World
Boasting of a Roman amphitheater renowned for hosting Gladiator fights in the past, Pula is a beautiful city located in the Istrian peninsula of Croatia. A great example of Croatia’s architectural beauty, it showcases Roman ruins and exhibits the cultural and historical influences of Italy. When deciding on the things to see in Croatia, you cannot leave this out.
Location: Istarska, CroatiaPlaces to visit in Pula: Temple of Augustus, Arch of the Sergii, Historical and Maritime Museum of Istria
10. Vis

Image Credit: Tripadvisor
Vis is the farthest island in the Adriatic sea. It is one of the offbeat places to visit in Croatia owing to its unspoiled location behind the islands of Hvar, Brac, and Solta. The passages graced by stone buildings make them a perfect backdrop for pictures. The island comes alive at night with the locals and tourists spilling into the spirited cafes and bars.
Location: Near the island of Korcula in the Adriatic SeaPlaces to visit in Vis: Biševo, Stiniva, Stoncica
Further Read: 10 Most Romantic Hotels In Europe That Will Make All Your Dreams Come True, With Love!
Now that you have all the information you need about the places to visit in Croatia, go ahead and book your Europe tour package with TravelTriangle. You are definitely in for a surprise because Croatia has multitudes to offer to its visitors. If you know of any more tourist places to visit in Croatia, let us know in the comments below.
Disclaimer: TravelTriangle claims no credit for images featured on our blog site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyrighted to its respectful owners. We try to link back to original sources whenever possible. If you own the rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear on TravelTriangle, please contact us and they will be promptly removed. We believe in providing proper attribution to the original author, artist or photographer.
Please Note: Any information published by TravelTriangle in any form of content is not intended to be a substitute for any kind of medical advice, and one must not take any action before consulting a professional medical expert of their own choice.
Frequently Asked Questions about Places to Visit in Croatia

What are the popular attractions in Croatia?

						Some of the best attractions that you must explore during your visit to Croatia include Dubrovnik Old Town Walls, Diocletian's Palace in Split, Hvar Town, Plitvice Lakes National Park, Gornji Grad in Zagreb, Kornati National Park, Pula’s Roman Arena, Zadar's Romanesque Churches, Zlatini Rat Beach, Mljet National Park, and Rovinj.                     

What is the best time to visit Croatia?

						The best time to visit Croatia is during May and June, and if you want to go swimming and sunbathing, then the best time to visit is during October and November because the weather is ideal to enjoy various fun activities.                     

Is it safe to visit Croatia during covid times?

						The Croatian Government has issued some important guidelines for its visitors, to contain covid from spreading. A valid vaccination certificate has been mandatory if you want to enter Croatia. A negative RT PCR test should be done 72 hours before departure. Travelers must follow all the basic guidelines such as social distancing and wearing a mask in public spaces.                     

Is Croatia an expensive place to travel to?

						Yes, Croatia is an expensive place to travel to. You can take a trip to Croatia with a budget of €50-€60 per day and also find budget-friendly accommodations in the city. If you want to cut costs during your tour, then avoiding lavish restaurants is the best option for you.                     

Where are the nicest beaches in Croatia?

						Croatia is home to some of the most pristine beaches in Europe. Some of the popular beaches to visit during your tour are Gornja Vala, Pakleni Island’s beach, Telašćica Bay, Zlatini Rat, and Spiaza beach.                     

Can one use euros in Croatia in 2023?

						The currency used in Croatia is Croatian Kuna and this is the currency widely accepted in the city. However, being a tourist place some businesses may also accept Euros, which is used in several European countries.                     

How many days do you need in Croatia?

						Croatia comprises several attractions that you could visit during your tour and for a great holiday experience, travelers must visit for at least a week. You can explore places like Zagreb, Dalmatian Islands, Split, and Dubrovnik during your holiday.                     

What are some of the best parts of Croatia to visit on a vacation?

						Croatia is a spectacular country and comprises several impeccable destinations such as Tisno, Krk and Cres, Istria, Pula, Hvar, and much more. Visit these places during your Croatia tour for an unforgettable experience.                     

Looking To Book An International Holiday?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations.

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Europe, Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle     Visit The Holy Potra Kund In Mathura To Find Serenity     Seva Kunj In Vrindavan Is Where You Offer Prayers To Radha-Krishna     Explore The Beauty Of Chandrashekhar Azad Park In Uttar Pradesh     Explore The Historic Beauty Of Khusro Bagh In Uttar Pradesh     Explore The Tranquil And Green Refuge Of Rajghat Park Amidst Bustling Ayodhya In 2024        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > International > Places To Visit» > 10 Artsy Places To Visit In Croatia To End One’s Quest For The Archaic And The Lively

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesInternational Tour PackagesMaldives Tour PackagesBali Tour PackagesDubai Tour PackagesSingapore Tour PackagesThailand Tour PackagesEurope Tour PackagesSri Lanka Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadInternational Tourism GuideThailand TourismBali TourismSingapore TourismMaldives TourismMauritius TourismDubai TourismEurope TourismTop International HotelsHotels in ThailandHotels in MaldivesHotels in MauritiusHotels in BaliHotels in DubaiHotels in SingaporeHotels in Sri Lanka     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: Attraction: Dubrovnik

          Attraction: Hvar

          Attraction: Zagreb

          Attraction: Trogir

          Attraction: Split

          Attraction: Zadar

          Attraction: Korčula

          Attraction: Rovinj

          Attraction: Pula

          Attraction: Vis