URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-estonia/
Title: 12 Places To Visit In Estonia In 2023 For A Cool Experience
Description: Some of the best 12 places to visit in Estonia in 2023 are Tallinn, Lahemaa National Park, Tartu, Rakvere Castle, Soomaa National Park, and many more. Take a look.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        12 Best Places To Visit In Estonia In 2024 For Seeking The Ultimate Adventure

        ..
        SHARES

        10 Apr  2023

            Written by Seema Gurnani 

Estonia is a largely underrated place, laying peacefully in Northern Europe, a country that has its and bits of all. The country boasts of scenic coastlines, medieval cities, and a massively interesting history to keep people on the hook. The country is bordered by Russia, the Baltic Sea, the Gulf of Finland and Latvia, making it accessible from many places, then what travellers tend to raise questions about. The best thing about travelling to Estonia is, the country is affordable for visitors and does not add to your debts. Among the many places to visit in Estonia, the largest and most visited city is Tallinn. Apart from which, there are many other places that one needs to see when in Estonia.
12 Best Places To Visit In Estonia
The country’s main intriguing sights are sprawled among the various cites all over the country. It is replete with history and scenery which makes it a great place for photography. Although the noteworthy sights are a must visit, one should try and embrace the history from the 15th and 16th Century that the country imbibes on. Therefore, we have made a list of 10 places to visit in Estonia:

Tallinn
Lahemaa National Park
Saaremaa
Tartu
Narva Castle
Parnu
Rakvere Castle
Hiiumaa
Soomaa National Park
Viljandi
Lake Peipus
Matsalu National Park

1. Tallinn

Image Source
It would be immoral of us to not have mentioned Tallinn in the numero uno spot, for it deserves it. Among the many famous places to visit in Estonia, Tallinn is the foremost in the running. The main attraction or heart of the city is Toompea and it still has kept the ancient and historic ambience very much alive with Cobblestones Street and 15th Century establishments. The region is well preserved and is accessible by walking for history lovers. From the topmost region of Toompea, you can get a view of the hustling and bustling, Old City.
Must Read: 35 Best Places To Spend Christmas In Europe

Europe Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle
Explore the most beautiful places to visit in Europe, from Paris to the Venice canals and from the Greek islands to the Swiss alps. Book customized packages by expert agents on TravelTriangle. Inclusive of airport transfers, cab, resort, sightseeing and meals. Best holiday experience Guaranteed. Book Now

Magnificent Switzerland Holiday 6D/5N Package @ Rs 69,999
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Magnificent Europe Tour 7D/6N Package @ Rs 70,975
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

France & Switzerland Tour Package 8D/7N @ Rs 90,000
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Scintillating Spain & Portugal Tour 11D/10N @ Rs 101,150
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

6 Country Europe Tour Package 12D/11N @ Rs 118,650
Best prices guaranteed. EMI option available.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Lahemaa National Park

Image Source
The Lahemaa National Park is certainly the most famous places to visit in Estonia. This park is just an hour’s drive from the capital and makes for an ideal day trip. When in the park, do not miss out the Viru Bog or Viru Raba. With an ethereal quality that comprises the beauty of this place, a fascinating thing is the trees poking from the swampy ground. To explore the Viru Bog take the 3-mile broad walk, which is a dry path that helps keep you away from the water for you to enjoy the scenery closely? Also, you can visit the Sagadi Manor, a fascinating spot in the Sagadi Village, located in the center of the park.
3. Saaremaa

Image Source
Saaremaa is the best places to visit in Estonia. The island comprises a history that is 8000 years old. It was ruled by the Swedes, Danes, Russians and the Germans over the years. Visitors who come here spend their time in the capital city of the island, Kuressaare, where you can explore the intact medieval castles. You can even opt for hiking, birdwatching, sightseeing, and photography in and around this area, with the Saaremaa’s Sorve Peninsula’s spectacular scenic destination for visitors to explore.
Suggested Read: 13 Frolicsome Beaches In Europe For All The Excited Beach Bums Across The Globe
4. Tartu

Image Source
Considered as the intellectual hub of the country, Tartu is well known for the University of Tartu. It is the oldest city in the nation which makes it more interesting to visit. The city centre is classically designed with 18th Century buildings, most being an outlet for innovative requirements. The soup neighbourhood is the quirkiest attraction of the city, with street names being named after soup ingredients like beans! It is touted as the best places to visit in Estonia.
5. Narva Castle

Image Source
The easternmost destination on the map of Estonia is the city of Narva. This particular city was heavily bombed during the WWII. However, the beautiful and historic castle of Narva still stands today. The castle is also known as the Hermann Castle, wcentrehich was built in the 13th Century. The castle repletes a good collection of handicraft workshops for people to learn which also includes a museum. The most gorgeous view here is the tower of the Narva castle that overlooks the Russian side of the river.
Suggested Read: 17 Spots For Snorkeling In Europe Every Underwater Enthusiast Must Visit
6. Parnu

Image Source
The coastal resort city of Parnu is located where the Parnu River falls into the Gulf of Riga. The major attraction here is the beach of Parnu, boasting off about the gorgeous dunes and powdery white sand. Parnu is also famous as the summer capital because most of the Estonians choose to spend their summer vacations here. You can also visit the indoor water park in the area named as the Vee Park. Well, it is one of the best places to visit in Estonia in winter.
7. Rakvere Castle

Image Source
The Rakvere Castle lays in the northern part of Estonia. Rakvere is a city where humans have lived for 1500 years and the biggest attraction of this place is the Rakvere Castle. It is like a cosplay event every day, where people are dressed. You will find knights polishing their armour, alchemist’s workshops and also get a tour of the ancient wine cellar. There is a place in the castle called Shenkenberg Tavern for you to enjoy a history-themed, ancient dining experience. The Rakvere Castle is among the famous places to visit in Estonia.
Suggested Read: Guess Which European City Gets The Title Of World’s Most Liveable City This Year!
8. Hiiumaa

Image Source
If you were to think of Estonia, the island would probably not make it to your imagination. However, Hiiumaa is one of the many islands in Estonia. You can reach this gorgeous piece of land by taking a plane from Tallinn or avail to ferries from multiple coastal cities. Hiiumaa Is a great place to visit for relaxation and having a stress free quiet day. There is a lighthouse from the 19th century of cast iron known as the Tahkuna Lighthouse. It is the tallest in the country.
9. Soomaa National Park

Image Source
Another one of the fascinating destinations of Estonia is the Soomaa National Park. It was primarily a peat bog, which was formed as a result of glaciers melting more than 10000 years ago. In this area, canoeing is the most popular activity. Also, you can spot deer, elk, beavers, boars, golden eagle and many other animals in this park. The most suggested season to visit this park is the spring season. For its amazing weather and natural feature changes.
Suggested Read: This Winter, Escape To The Best Honeymoon Destinations In Europe!
10. Viljandi

Image Source
Viljandi is located in southern Estonia. It is a small city but has a rich history, which dates back to 2600 years. The historic architecture though not all, some of which still remains for the world to see. Among which, the Viljandi Order Castle is a major attraction. It is a ruin from the 16th century, which attracts visitors every year. In the month of July, the city attracts around 20000 visitors for the annual folk music festivals and concerts that are held here. It makes for the largest music festival in all of Estonia.
11. Lake Peipus

Image Source
One of the largest lakes in Western Europe, Peipus is located on the border between Russia and Estonia. The abundance of fishes and wide country roads make this lake a popular holiday destination among locals and foreigners alike. You can explore mansions, traditional markets, lighthouses, and traditional cottages here. It is fairly clean. You can stop by here while you’re visiting Estonia with your family and friends to a picnic by the lake.
Suggested Read: 17 Fascinating Things To Do In Estonia For An Extraordinary Trip
12. Matsalu National Park

Image Source
Matsalu National Park is located in the key part of the East Atlantic Flyway. This is a 48,610-hectare nature park created to preserve a plethora of migrating, nesting, and molting birds. It houses a number of highly endangered species, like the white-tailed eagle. Matsalu is famous among bird watchers. All nature lovers must stop by here. This experience will last with you for a lifetime.
Further Read: 31 Festivals In Europe That Will Up The Fun Factor Of Your Euro Tour
Well, to conclude, we should look at Estonia more than just a country that barely exists in the European Union. There is so much history that resides in this place, which compels a die-hard history lover to come here and relive the beauty of it. Also, there are many good places to visit in Estonia. If you are looking for a new place, this is it. So, plan a trip to Europe, visit Estonia and indulge in the fun!
Disclaimer: TravelTriangle claims no credit for images featured on our blog site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyrighted to its respectful owners. We try to link back to original sources whenever possible. If you own the rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear on TravelTriangle, please contact us and they will be promptly removed. We believe in providing proper attribution to the original author, artist or photographer.
Please Note: Any information published by TravelTriangle in any form of content is not intended to be a substitute for any kind of medical advice, and one must not take any action before consulting a professional medical expert of their own choice.
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Estonia

Which is the famous food of Estonia?

						Räim is touted as the most famous traditional dish of Estonia. Some other delicacies that one must try include Sült, Rosolje, Mulgikapsad, Lillkapsas Juustukastmes, and Kruubipuder.                     

What is Estonia famous for?

						Estonia is known for its wonderfully preserved Medieval Architectures which has earned itself the title of UNESCO World Heritage Sites. Two such locations are the city of Tallinn and the Struve Geodetic Arc.                    

Can I visit Estonia during the current Covid situation?

						Yes, you can now plan a visit to Estonia. To ensure a safe trip, adhere to the Government protocols, maintain required social distance, keep wearing a mask when in public, and keep sanitizing your hands at certain intervals.                     

Which are the best places to visit in Estonia?

						The top-rated tourist attractions in Estonia are: 1. Tallinn 2. Lahemaa National Park 3. Saaremaa 4. Tartu 5. Narva Castle 6. Parnu 7. Rakvere Castle 8. Hiiumaa 9. Soomaa National Park 10. Viljandi                     

Which is the best time to visit Estonia?

						The summer months of May to late August is the best time to visit Estonia. These dry and warm months are the best time to enjoy the Baltic beaches and inland lakes.                     

Is Estonia safe for tourists?

						Estonia is quite safe for tourists. It has very low crime rates, and though there are areas to avoid, pickpockets, mugging or other types of assault are not common. However, the capital city of Tallinn can get a bit dangerous, like any other major city.                    

What is there to do in Estonia?

						Some of the amazing things to do in Estonia are: 1. Explore the Karula National Park 2. Watch a puppet show at the NUKU Theater 3. Enjoy a relaxing day at the Parnu Beach 4. Enjoy birdwatching at Matsalu National Park 5. Enjoy the scenic landscape around Jägala Waterfall 6. Explore the Alexander Nevsky Cathedral                     

Which is the best area to stay in Estonia?

						The best areas to stay in Tallinn, the capital of Estonia are the old town and the city center. If you are coming to Tallinn by ferry, these two areas are just a short walk from the port.                    

Are there Beaches in Estonia?

						Yes, you can find a number of stunning Estonian Beaches. Some of the best ones include Parnu Beach, Pirita Beach, Mandjala Beach, Paralepa Beach, and Lake Tamula Beach.                    

Looking To Book An International Holiday?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations.

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read
Places To Visit In Latvia Places To Visit In Poland Places To Visit In Cyprus

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Europe, Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle     Visit The Holy Potra Kund In Mathura To Find Serenity     Seva Kunj In Vrindavan Is Where You Offer Prayers To Radha-Krishna     Explore The Beauty Of Chandrashekhar Azad Park In Uttar Pradesh     Explore The Historic Beauty Of Khusro Bagh In Uttar Pradesh     Explore The Tranquil And Green Refuge Of Rajghat Park Amidst Bustling Ayodhya In 2024        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > International > Places To Visit» > 12 Best Places To Visit In Estonia In 2024 For Seeking The Ultimate Adventure

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesInternational Tour PackagesMaldives Tour PackagesBali Tour PackagesDubai Tour PackagesSingapore Tour PackagesThailand Tour PackagesEurope Tour PackagesSri Lanka Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadInternational Tourism GuideThailand TourismBali TourismSingapore TourismMaldives TourismMauritius TourismDubai TourismEurope TourismTop International HotelsHotels in ThailandHotels in MaldivesHotels in MauritiusHotels in BaliHotels in DubaiHotels in SingaporeHotels in Sri Lanka     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: Attraction: Tallinn

          Attraction: Lahemaa National Park

          Attraction: Saaremaa

          Attraction: Tartu

          Attraction: Narva Castle

          Attraction: Parnu

          Attraction: Rakvere Castle

          Attraction: Hiiumaa

          Attraction: Soomaa National Park

          Attraction: Viljandi

          Attraction: Lake Peipus

          Attraction: Matsalu National Park