URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-austria/
Title: 34 Best Places To Visit In Austria In 2024: Top Attractions & How To Reach
Description: Explore these best places to visit in Austria in 2024, to rejuvenate from the mundane life. Indulge in the scenic beauty of nature for a exhilarating trip.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        34 Best Places To Visit In Austria In 2024 That Look Straight Out Of A Picture Book

        ..
        SHARES

        30 Apr  2024

            Written by Tanishk Juneja 

Tucked in between the soaring Alps, Austria is an enchanting country with dream-like landscapes, picture-perfect meadows and grasslands, stunning baroque architecture and music flowing through its veins.From pretty villages to magnificent cities, from the best operas to the most lavish desserts Austria has the perfect ingredients to intoxicate your senses. Let us guide you through the picturesque landscapes and stunning cities to find out the best places to visit in Austria, including the usual suspects like Vienna and Salzburg and some hidden unexplored Austria tourist places like Bregenz and Wachau. Be sure that you will have a wonderful time relishing the culture and exploring the Alpine landscapes. Make sure you include all these places to your itinerary and indulge in the experiences they offer for a vacation you will remember forever. 
34 Top Places To Visit In Austria In 2024
And now for an unforgettable experience on your next vacation, make sure you include some of these places to visit in Austria in your itinerary, if not all. And don’t worry. You’ll find plenty of accommodation as well as transport options near all these charming Austria tourist places to make your vacation an enjoyable one!

Vienna – Walk Down The Glorious Past
Salzburg – A Date With Mozart
Innsbruck – The Picture-Postcard Town
Salzkammergut – Relax And Rejuvenate
Graz – Immerse In History, Culture, And Food
Worthersee – A Summer To Remember
Bad Gastein – A Refreshing Treat For Body And Soul
Bregenz – Tranquil Days By The Lake
Wachau – Best Wines And A Dose Of History
Zell Am See – Pristine Alpine Wonders
Hoher Dachstein – The Three-State Mountain
Krimml Waterfalls – Austria’s Famous Paradise
Vorarlberg – Land Of Mountains
Tyrol – Heaven In The Alps
Carinthia – Lakes And Forests
Styria – Witness The Wildlife
Burgenland – Taste The Fine Wines
Hallstatt – Scenic Lake Views
Mostviertel – Old World Charm
Alpbach – Skiing And Sledding
Eisenstadt – Postcard Perfect Sceneries
Grossglockner High Alpine Road – Best Road Trip Ever
Lake Constance – Third Largest Lake In Europe
National Park Donau Auen – Into The Wild
National Park Gesause – A Rock Climber’s Paradise
National Park Hohe Tauern – The Land Of Austria’s Superlatives
Seewinkel National Park – For Birdwatching
St Anton am Arlberg – Best Ski Village
Vienna Woods – UNESCO Biosphere Reserve
Krems – Explore Nature And History
Linz – Creative Capital
Schonbrunn Palace – Heritage Of Austria
Vienna State Opera – Rendezvous With The Culture
Eisriesenwelt Cave – A Unique Attraction

1. Vienna – Walk Down The Glorious Past

The city of grand palaces and museums, the home of Opera and Beethoven, Vienna is a city steeped in culture and grandeur. A walk down the city’s beautiful Ringstrasse Boulevard, lined with royal buildings like the Hofburg Imperial Palace and many beautiful parks, is a great way to let the magic of Vienna grow on you. Vienna is one of the best cities in Austria. You can also enjoy lovely coffee at the cafes in Vienna for a chilled-out evening.
The opulent Schonbrunn & Belvedere Palaces and the ornate St Stephen’s Cathedral are architectural marvels and a must-visit for art and history enthusiasts. Don’t forget to sip the famous Viennese coffee at one of many cozy coffee houses and gaze in wonder at the world-famous Vienna Opera House before you bid adieu to one of the best places to visit in Vienna, Austria.
Ideal for: History, Architecture, Culture
Places To Visit in Vienna: Hofburg Imperial Palace, St. Stephen’s Cathedral, Schönbrunn Palace
Places To Stay : Hotel Ambassador, Vienna Marriott Hotel
Best Restaurants: Ariston Hellenic Restaurant, Restaurant Rote Bar
Best Time To Visit: April-May, September-October
How To Reach: You can arrive in Vienna via flights from New Delhi and other major international cities.
Must Read: Lakes In Austria

Sikkim-Gangtok-Darjeeling Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Scintillating North-East Family Tour 6D/5N @ Rs 16,065
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Fun-Filled Gangtok & Darjeeling Family Tour 6D/5N @ Rs 18,000
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Darjeeling Gangtok Family Package 7D/6N @ Rs 20,783
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Family Tour 7D/6N @ Rs 41,265
Best prices guaranteed. EMI option available.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. Salzburg – A Date With Mozart

One of the must-see places in Austria is Salzburg that brings to mind a charming city surrounded by rolling green meadows, majestic historical buildings and Mozart. The birthplace of the genius composer and the place where the iconic movie Sound of music was shot, Salzburg tops the list of top places to visit in Austria.
The old town Aldsten with its stunning baroque buildings is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, while the imposing Hohensalzburg fortress boasts of being Europe’s last preserved castle. The grand extravaganza of culture, music and the arts, the Salzburger Festspiele during summers is an experience to remember. So if you are seeking best places to visit in Salzburg Austria, in summer, add Salzburg to your itinerary.
Ideal for: Architecture, Nature, Photography, Music
Places To Visit: Hellbrunn Palace, Nonnberg Abbey, Salzburg Cathedral, Salzburg Castles
Places To Stay: Radisson Blu Hotel Altstadt, Sheraton Grand Salzburg, and Salzburg villas
Best Restaurants: Indian Restaurant Taj Mahal, Das Restaurant Wasserfall
Best Time To Visit: September-October
How To Reach: There are a few direct trains between Salzburg and Vienna making rail journey one of the best ways to reach.
3. Innsbruck – The Picture-Postcard Town

The idyllic alpine town surrounded by high mountains has plenty of options that make your stay worthwhile. You could enjoy a leisurely walk through the old town and marvel at the glittering Goldenes Dachl adorned with more than 2500 shiny tiles or get a peek into the Tyrolean Folk Art Museum, one of the finest museum for regional heritage in Europe.
A destination for all seasons and one of the most magical places to visit in Austria in winter, Innsbruck has world renowned ski resorts which can be enjoyed in the winter months. Adventure enthusiasts can go hiking up the gorgeous meadows, bungee jumping at Europa Bridge, take the thrilling funicular ride up the Nordkette mountain range, and even check out the Innsbruck nightlife.
Ideal for: Adventure, Architecture, Culture
Places To Visit in Innsbruck: Goldenes Dachl, Hofburg, Triumphal Arch
Places To Stay: Hotel Grauer Bär, Hotel Central
Best Restaurants: Himal Nepali Kitchen Restaurant, Restaurant Lichtblick
Best Time To Visit: December-April
How To Reach: The best way to reach Innsbruck from Vienna is via train that takes about 4-5 hours.
Suggested Read: Churches In Austria
4. Salzkammergut – Relax And Rejuvenate

This picturesque resort area near Salzburg offers the quintessential Austrian experience, with shimmering blue lakes (76 lakes in all!), stunning alpine ranges, charming villages, and luxurious spa towns. Situated by the Lake Hallstatt and included on UNESCO’s world heritage sites list is the fairy tale village Hallstatt which happens to be amongst the most beautiful places to visit in Austria.
Undoubtedly one of the most beautiful places to go in Austria, Halstatt’s stunning pastel-colored houses, underground salt lake Salzwelten and Ice Cave on Dachstein Mountain will take your breath away. The spa town of Bad Ischl and the romantic St Wolfgang are other tourist favorites.
Ideal for: Nature, Culture, Spas, Adventure
Places To Visit: Mirabell Palace, Fortress Hohenzsalzburg
Places To Stay: Mühlradl Apartments, Hotel Gasthof Weißer Bär
Best Restaurants: Restaurant Hubertuskeller, Ledererhaus
Best Time To Visit: September-October
How To Reach: There is a guided bus tour that will take you to the most interesting points in Salzkammergut.
5. Graz – Immerse In History, Culture, And Food

With six universities and one of Europe’s best preserved old town areas, there are so many places to visit in Graz, Austria. It is the second largest and cheapest city in Austria. Graz has so much to satiate the soul of a traveller. Throw in the numerous museums, impressive baroque & renaissance-style buildings and a unique forested hill in the centre of the city offering panoramic views and you have the recipe for a perfect vacation.
Graz will also entice you with its many culinary delights. Cooking enthusiasts can carry home some pumpkin seed oil to pep up their dishes back home. It is counted amongst the most offbeat places to visit in Graz Austria.
Ideal for: History, Food, Education
Places To Visit: Eggenberg Palace, Kunsthaus, Altstadt von Graz
Places To Stay: NH Graz City, Hotel Weitzer Graz
Best Restaurants: Caylend Restaurant, Vina
Best Time To Visit: April-September
How To Reach: There are direct trains from Vienna to Graz. It takes about 2 hours to get here by train.
Suggested Read: Water Parks In Austria
6. Worthersee – A Summer To Remember

Canoeing, spelunking, pretty churches and the hometown of Porsche are reason enough to spend a few days at Austria’s favoured summer destination. The beautiful Worthersee Lake offers ample opportunities for swimming, boating and canoeing in the summer months.
You can head to the colourful Griffen Stalactite cave for some thrill and exploration. Admiring the 12th century ancient Cathedral of Gurk and a visit to Gmund the birthplace of Porsche complete your list of must-do experiences in one of the best places to go in Austria.
Ideal for: Adventure, Nature
Places To Visit: Wörthersee Lake, Casino Velden
Places To Stay: Seepark Hotel – Congress & Spa, Hotel Sandwirth
Best Restaurants: Restaurant Maria Loretto, Seerestaurant Rosé
Best Time To Visit: April, November-December
How To Reach: The train journey from Vienna to Worthersee takes about 5 hours.
7. Bad Gastein – A Refreshing Treat For Body And Soul

Head to the spa town of Bad Gastein to take a dip in the healing hot spring waters and breathe in the pure mountain air. Perched on the High Tauern Mountain, this splendid hill town also attracts skiing enthusiasts during the winter, which makes it one of the best places to visit in Austria.
Famous for its Belle Epoque-style hotels and villas, Bad Gastein has some thrilling hiking trails around and ample outdoor opportunities like biking and hiking. The spectacular Gastein waterfall in the heart of the town is an impressive site. Open studios, creative workshops, jazz shows, culinary delights and a buzzing nightlife are more reasons to book your holiday right away!
Ideal for: Relaxation, History, Skiing
Places To Visit: Molltaler Gletscher, Stubnerkogel
Places To Stay: Johannesbad Hotel Palace, Johannesbad Hotel St. Georg
Best Restaurants: Gasteiner Wirtshaus, Ginger n’Gin
Best Time To Visit: December-March
How To Reach: There are direct trains from Salzburg to Bad Gastein that run every three hours in a day.
Suggested Read: World’s First Beer Pool In Austria
8. Bregenz – Tranquil Days By The Lake

Located on the Eastern edge of Lake Constance, Bregenz offers sweeping views of the Swiss and German Alps. it is one of the best places to visit in Austria. Stroll around the beautiful promenade by the lake or take a cable car up the Pfander Mountain for breathtaking vistas of Lake Constance.
The mountain top is also a great place to relish a lunch with spectacular views or meander along a hiking trail. Get bowled over by the opera and orchestras at the annual Bregenz festival(July-August) performed at the floating lakeside platform. The architecture, history and art legacy of the city can be admired in museums and beautiful buildings across the town.
Ideal for: Nature, Culture
Places To Visit: Kunsthaus Bregenz, Pfänder Mountain
Places To Stay: Hotel Weißes Kreuz, Hotel Schwärzler
Best Restaurants: Wirtshaus am See, Gasthaus Kornmesser
Best Time To Visit: July-August
How To Reach: There are about 20 trains a day between Innsbruck and Bregenz. The train journey takes 2 hours and 37 minutes.
9. Wachau – Best Wines And A Dose Of History

Flanking the beautiful Danube River, this rich valley is one of the best South Austria tourist attractions. A UNESCO World Heritage site for its cultural significance and unmatched natural splendour, Wachau Valley is popular among wine connoisseurs for some of the best white wines in the world.
Studded with some magnificent monasteries (like the baroque Melk monastery) castles and fortresses Wachau Valley offers lots of history and architectural delights too, this spot deserves to be one on the list of the most famous places to visit in Austria.
Ideal for: Wines, Architecture, History
Places To Visit: Aggstein Castle
Places To Stay: Hotel Klinglhuber, Gartenhotel & Weingut Pfeffel Dürnstein
Best Restaurants: Hotel Restaurant Donauwirt, Restaurant Heinzle
Best Time To Visit: March-June
How To Reach: Take a train from Vienna to Melk and then a bus from here to Wachau.
Suggested Read: Castles In Austria
10. Zell Am See – Pristine Alpine Wonders

International-level ski slopes, the pristine blue waters of Zell Am See Lake and the picturesque Salzburg mountains make Zell Am See one of the most beautiful places in Austria for natural beauty and relaxation. Add this place to your itinerary if you are visiting Austria in March.
Cycling along the dreamy lake or swimming in the impossibly blue water of the lake are some of the most invigorating experiences in this enchanting alpine town. You can soak in the scenic beauty while sipping coffee at one of the many cafes in the city centre or walk the elevated walkway at St Hippolyte’s Church for some of the best views.
Ideal for: Nature
Places To Visit: Lake Zell
Places To Stay: Superior Hotel Tirolerhof, Hotel Latini
Best Restaurants: Seewirt Das Restaurant, The Burger Factory
Best Time To Visit: June-August
How To Reach: The train from Salzburg is the best way to reach Zell Am See and takes not more than two hours.
11. Hoher Dachstein – The Three-State Mountain

Image Source
Located at the border of Upper Austria, Styria, and Salzburg, Hoher Dachstein is the second highest mountain in the Northern Alps. The top of the mountain offers gorgeous views that are to die for. The suspension bridge, skywalk, rock climbing, and the ice palace are a few things to see in Austria.
Ideal for: Adventure and Nature
Places To Visit: Dachstein Hängebrücke, Alpine Club Austria
Places To Stay: Falkensteiner Hotel Schladming, Dormio Resort Obertraun
Best Restaurants: Restaurant Bergstation, Dachstein Ruhe
Best Time To Visit: June-August
Suggested Read: Day Trips In Austria
12. Krimml Waterfalls – Austria’s Famous Paradise

Image Source
Famous for being the highest waterfall in Austria, Krimml Waterfalls is a great place to visit and witness with your loved ones. To reach this fall, you’d have to hike a 4 km trail that would take you through multiple observation platforms and around 1.5 hours to reach the highest tier of the waterfall. The place is home to numerous Austria’s best places to visit.
Ideal for: Nature and Adventure
Places To Visit: Krimml Waterfalls, Water Worlds Krimml museum
Places To Stay: Villa Deningfeld, Chalet Eva
Best Restaurants: Pizzeria Cascata, Reinis Pizzeria
Best Time To Visit: Early mornings
How To Reach: It’s best to reach falls from Innsbruck since Zilertall where the falls are located, is only 50 km from Innsbruck.
13. Vorarlberg – Land Of Mountains

Image Credit: gsibergerin by Pixabay
Located in Western Austria, Vorarlberg is a state that shares its borders with Germany. This region is characterized by mountainous terrain. It is known for its gorgeous alpine landscapes and adventure ski resorts that make it one of the most famous places to go in Austria. Vorarlberg houses Central Europe’s third-largest lake called Lake Constance, on which the capital of this state – Bregenz sits. Stop by at one of Austria’s best places to visit to be breath-taken by the sight of the magnificent mountains.
The mountain landscape of Vorarlberg makes it a hotspot for hiking and trekking activities. Hiking through the forested trail routes will give you a feeling of coming close to nature. And if not trekking, you can enjoy a cable car ride to witness the splendid views of the valleys. Vorarlberg has some really interesting museums in Austria that attract a lot of tourists.
Ideal for: Austria sightseeing, hiking
Places To Visit: Lake Constance, Vorarlberg Museum, Pfänder Mountain, Pfänderbahn, Rolls-Royce Museum, Rappenloch Gorge, Bürserschlucht Gorge
Places To Stay: Landhaus Am Walde, Hotel Sonnenburg
Best Restaurants: Restaurant Guth, Mangold
Best Time To Visit: All round the year
How To Reach: Board a train from Innsbruck heading to Bludenz and get down at Vorarlberg.
Suggested Read: Hostels In Austria
14. Tyrol – Heaven In The Alps

Image Credit: kordi vahle by Pixabay
Tyrol is a wonderful state located in Western Austria. Resting in the Alps, this place is a popular ski resort destination. There are also many historic sites including Ambras Castle, Ehrenberg Castle and Kufstein Fortress. You will also find some of the most exciting museums in Tyrol. Other than this, Tyrol is the hub of many famous winter festivals in Europe that you must attend. Count it in your list of the best places to visit in Austria in Sepember.
The popular city of Innsbruck is the capital of Tyrol. This place features ancient gothic churches and traditional baroque-style buildings and palaces. Tyrol is one of the best places to visit in Austria for anyone who is looking forward to exploring a place with natural beauty and historical relevance.
Ideal for: Historical places, sightseeing
Places To Visit: Zugspitze, Hofburg, Bergiselschanze, Triumphal Arch, AREA 47, Zillertal Arena, Alpenzoo, Goldenes Dachl
Places To Stay: Grandhotel Lienz, Hotel Trofana Royal
Best Restaurants: Restaurant Kupfer Stub’n, Waldgasthaus Triendlsäge
Best Time To Visit: April-May, September-October
How To Reach: Innsbruck is the nearest to Tyrol from where you can arrange your transport.
15. Carinthia – Lakes And Forests

Image Credit: ignazmerz by Pixabay
Carinthia is a region in Austria that surrounds the highest mountain in the country, Grossglockner. Located in the Southern part of Austria, it falls in the Eastern Alps and is one of the most surreal places to visit in Austria. With so many mountains in its pocket, this region has incomparable natural beauty and charm.
Find yourself surrounded by serene lakes and alpine forests, amidst which sit the beautiful medieval structure, the Hochosterwitz Castle. Klagenfurt, the capital of Carinthia is an important wine-producing region. The many Renaissance buildings located in the region make it one of Austria best places to visit for history buffs.
Ideal for: Sightseeing, wine-tasting
Places To Visit: Minimundus, Weissensee, Casino Velden, Affenberg Landskron, Church of Maria Saal, Klagenfurt Cathedral, Dragon Fountain
Places To Stay: Falkensteiner Schlosshotel Velden, Das Ronacher Therme & Spa Resort
Best Restaurants: Restaurant Ofenloch, Kutsche Landhaus Restaurant
Best Time To Visit: June-August
How To Reach: There are direct trains between Graz and Neuhaus in Carinthia.
Suggested Read: Snowbombing In Austria
16. Styria – Witness The Wildlife

Image Credit: 12019 by Pixabay
Wondering what to see in Austria in 7 days? Styria can be one of the options. It is a Southern state in Austria, popular for its wines and castles. This is a picturesque highly forested mountain region in Austria that has a very dramatic landscape. There are endless snow-capped mountains in the region that characterize the landscape of this place.
The Gesäuse National Park and the Herberstein Zoo are home to some of the indigenous and rare wildlife species in the region. The Baroque structure buildings in the region are also a highlight of Styria and are even more awesome during summer in Austria.
Ideal for: Sightseeing, wildlife
Places To Visit: Kunsthaus Graz, Hauser Kaibling, Altstadt von Graz, Hochwurzen, Treppe ins Nichts, Gesäuse National Park, Styrassic Park
Places To Stay: Schloss Pichlarn, Naturchalet Höflehner
Best Restaurants: Pizzeria Roberts, K.U.K. Wirtshaus
Best Time To Visit: June-August, September and October
How To Reach: There are direct trains between Graz and Vienna. Graz is the capital of Styria.
17. Burgenland – Taste The Fine Wines

Image Credit: oe4yla by Pixabay
Falling in Eastern Austria, Burgenland is one of the major wine-producing regions in the country. A highlight of this region is its lavish castles and other building structures from the 18th century. Go on a Vineyard tour or visit the village museum or explore Seewinkel National Park. Add this to your itinerary’s section of Austria best places to visit.
Ideal for: Sightseeing, wildlife, wine-tasting
Places To Visit: Familypark Neusiedlersee, Dorfmuseum Monchhof, Schloss Esterhazy, Sonnentherme Lutzmannsburg
Places To Stay: Falkensteiner Balance Resort Stegersbach, Country Lake Villa
Best Restaurants: Heuriger – Restaurant Gruber – Hofleitner
Best Time To Visit: All round the year
How To Reach: There are direct buses between Vienna and Burgenland with decent frequency.
Suggested Read: Festivals In Europe
18. Hallstatt – Scenic Lake Views

This is one of the most beautiful Austria tourist attractions as well as one of the most scenic places to visit in all of Europe. It’s essentially a small yet scenic town that sits near the Hallstatt lake overlooking its serene and clear blue waters. When you’re here, scenic beauty isn’t the only thing you’ll get. You can also indulge in some adventurous things to do in Hallstatt like rock climbing, hiking, boating, and see the charming attractions around the town like the Beinhaus (bone house) as well as the ice caves and salt caves.
Ideal for: History, architecture, adventure seekers
Places To Visit: Hoher Dachstein, Salzkammergut, Salt Mine Hallstatt, Treppe ins Nichts
Places To Stay: Heritage Hotel Hallstatt, Hallstatt Hideaway, Seehotel Grüner Baum
Best Restaurants: Bräugasthof, Rudolfsturm, Seecafé Frundsberg
Best Time To Visit: March-May, October-November
How To Reach: Take a train from Salzburg to Attnang-Puchheim and then transfer to a local train heading towards Hallstatt.
19. Mostviertel – Old World Charm

Mostviertel is located in the lower regions of Austria and is among the most captivating cities to visit in Austria. It has everything to make your holiday a scenic and beautiful affair with rolling meadows, snow-laced rugged peaks, and Europe’s largest stretches of pear orchards. It’s mix of diverse landscapes is mind-blowing and it’s this chocolate box scenery that makes it an unmissable part of any Austria tour. So, if you wish to visit the Austria mountains as well as museums and monuments at the same time, then this is the place to be.
Ideal for: Skiing enthusiasts, history lovers
Places To Visit: Donauradweg, Hagenbachklamm, Tulln
Places To Stay: Hotel Kartause Gaming, Zur Linde
Best Restaurants: Souvlaki Bar, Kastner Restaurant & Weinbar, Gasthaus zur Palme
Best Time To Visit: May-October
How To Reach: There are direct buses running between the two places.
Suggested Read: Rivers In Austria
20. Alpbach – Skiing And Sledding

Alpbach has been voted one of the most beautiful places to visit in Austria in winter and there’s no doubt as to why. This is among the most scenic European villages tucked in the midst of majestic snow-capped Austrian Alps and offers the best places to go in Austria for skiing and sledging. Other than skiing, this town is also known for its unwavering Alpine tradition that can be experienced in its many picturesque wooden farmhouses, scenic cattle fields, and the skilled craftsmanship of the locals.
Ideal for: History, architecture, adventure seekers
Places To Visit: Ski Juwel Alpbachtal Wildschönau, Church Alpbachtal, Alpbacher Talstation Wiedersbergerhornbahn, Lauserland
Places To Stay: Bikepension Gästehaus Larch Alpbach, Alphof Hotel Alpbach
Best Restaurants: Zirmalm, Gasthaus Jakober, Jausenstation Zottahof
Best Time To Visit: August-September, February
How To Reach: It is only 50 km from Innsbruck. You could arrange private or public transport from Innsbruck.
21. Eisenstadt – Postcard Perfect Sceneries

Image Source
The capital of Burgenland, Eisenstadt is one of the most beautiful places to go in Austria since it is known for its rich history. The city was once home to the renowned 18th-century composer Joseph Haydn. Its baroque castles, manicured gardens, and historical museums make it a tourist-worthy destination in Austria. The cobbled streets, charming cafes and downtown areas will make an interesting feed for Instagram
Ideal For: History, Quaint cafes
Places To Visit: Esterhazy Castle, Bergkirche, Schlosspark Eisenstadt, Franziskaner Kirche
Places To Stay: Hotel Vicedom, Parkhotel Eisenstadt, Hotel Burgenland Eisenstadt
Best Restaurants: Restaurant Villa-Antica, Haydnbrau, Ethno
Best Time To Visit: September-November
How To Reach: The best way to reach Eisenstadt from Vienna is by train or bus. It’s only 62 km from Vienna.
Suggested Read: Austria In December
22. Grossglockner High Alpine Road – Best Road Trip Ever

Image Credit: GeorgSchober by PIxabay
If you are fond of road trips, then put Grossglockner High Alpine Road on your bucket list. It is one of the must visit places in Austria for nature and adventure lovers. The hairpin road passes through lush alpine meadows, snowfields, and daunting cliffs. The road is literally your gateway to escape into nature. You will find a number of vantage points along the road to admire the raw and breathtaking beauty of Austria.
Ideal For: Road trip, Nature lovers
Places To Visit: Grossglockner National Park
Places To Stay: Hotel Kasiervilla, Berghotel Hois, Hotel Romerhof
Best Restaurants: Rossbach Alm – die Apres Skibar, Hotel-Restaurant Senger, Cafe Bar Laterndl
Best Time To Visit: Closed between November-May
How To Reach: You could take a train from Vienna to Grossglockner and then rent a car or an automobile to enjoy a road trip.
23. Lake Constance – Third Largest Lake In Europe

Image Source
One of the best places in Austria, the ethereal beauty of Lake Constance will blow your mind away. The lake straddles in three countries; Austria, Germany, and Switzerland. Not only is it the third largest lake in Europe but also one of the most picturesque sites on the continent. One can enjoy a day picnic relaxing and soaking in the beautiful views around. In winter, this place becomes famous for thermal baths. You could also go boating in the lake. So, if you want to explore major tourist places to visit in Austria in June, this Lake Constance should definitely come to your mind.
Ideal For: Picnic, Boating
Places To Visit: Mainau, Konstanz Minster, Lindau
Places To Stay: Hotel Maier, Seehaus Wellenhof, Hotel Seehof
Best Restaurants: Papageno, Meera, Heinzler am See, Biohotel Mohren
Best Time To Visit: All months except August
How To Reach: You could take a direct flight from Vienna to Fredreichshafen to get to the lake.
Suggested Read: Villas In Austria
24. National Park Danube-Auen – Into The Wild

Image Source
Recognized in 1996, National Park Danube-Auen is home to a variety of species of animals and plants. The park is sprawling across an area of 93 square kilometres where you can enjoy activities like bird watching, kayaking, hiking, and mountain biking. The serene lake in the heart of the national park looks inviting and appealing to the eyes. This comes under the top 10 places to visit in Austria. Explore the scenic landscapes and lush greenery in this beautiful national park.
Ideal For: Birdwatching, Wildlife Photography
Places To Visit: Josefstag, Napoleons Hauptquartier Lobau
Places To Stay: Hotel Marc Aurel, Hotel Altes Kloster, Airport Hotel Deininger
Best Restaurants: Gasthaus Binder, Haslauerhof, Jamie’s Deli
Best Time To Visit: Throughout the year
How To Reach: The park can be reached from Vienna by local buses.
25. Gesause National Park – A Rock Climber’s Paradise

Image Source
Are you a rock climber? If yes, then you would like to visit the Gesause National Park which is home to six mountains higher than 2000 m. it becomes a paradise for skiers in winter offering skiing slopes. As far as hiking is concerned, you will find more than 100 km of hiking trails in the park. The stunning scenery is bewildering to the senses. Enjoy rafting in the mighty Enns River that flows through the park. It is indeed one of the best places to visit in Austria in September.
Ideal For: Hiking, skiing, rock climbing
Places to Visit: NA
Places To Stay: Gesause-Lodge, Landgasthof Buchner, JUFA Hotel Schloss Rothelstein/Admont
Best Restaurants: Genuss Region Gesause Edelwild
Best Time To Visit: June to September
How To Reach: The park offers soft mobility options. Check the official website for additional information.
Suggested Read: Mosques In Austria
26. National Park Hohe Tauern – The Land Of Austria’s Superlatives

Image Source
National Park Hohe Tauren is one Austria’s tourist attractions since it is the oldest and largest national park in Austria. A land of Australia’s superlatives, find the country’s largest mountains, glaciers, and forests in this national park. Spot beautiful and unique animal species. You could either explore the park on your own or join a tour guided by the park ranger.
Ideal For: Hiking, Mountaineering
Places to Visit: NA
Places To Stay: Heimat – Das Natur Resort, Gradonna Mountain Resort Chalets & Hotel, Natur Und Wanderhotel Outside
Best Restaurants: Glocknerhaus, Edelweiss Hutte, Restaurant Kirchenwirt
Best Time To Visit: Summer season i.e. June-August
How To Reach: The best way to reach is by driving down here from Salzburg.
27. Seewinkel National Park – For Birdwatching

Image Source
Discover the best of Austria and its nature at Seewinkel National Park. located between the Alps and Little Hungarian Plain, Seewinkel consists of a diversity of animal and plants species and landscapes. There are 340 types of bird species that you can spot on your birdwatching tour. It is one of the top places to visit in Austria with family.
Ideal For: Birdwatching, nature walk
Places to Visit: NA
Places To Stay: Hotel Weingut Rosenhof, Weingut Sekt & Wein – Walter Klein, Bliem’s Wohnreich
Best Restaurants: Radlerkeller, Presshaus Ilmitz, Fasslkeller Fam Kroiss
Best Time To Visit: Summer season i.e. June-July
How To Reach: The best way is to drive here from Vienna. You could either rent a car or taxi. There are bus stops in Weiden/See and Podersdorf/See if you wish to take public transport.
Suggested Read: Austria’s Most Beautiful Spots
28. St Anton am Arlberg – Best Ski Village

Image Source
If you are wondering where to go in Austria, then consider putting St Anton am Arlberg on your itinerary. The Austrian village is famous for having one of the best ski resorts in Austria where you can enjoy skiing on the fresh slopes. There are about 100 chairlifts at the resort along with a luxurious spa, indoor rock-climbing centre, and plenty of restaurants. The place boasts of amazing nightlife.
Ideal For: Skiing, nightlife
Places To Visit: Valluga, Galzig, Sonnenkopf
Places To Stay: Sporthotel St. Anton, Skihotel Galzig, Hotel Garni Ernst Falch
Best Restaurants: Endlich, Galzig Bistrobar, The Museum Restaurant
Best Time To Visit: December-March
How To Reach: Request an airport transfer from Innsbruck or Zurich airport via car, bus or shuttle to your resort in the village. It’s only 75 minute-drive from Innsbruck Airport and two-hours away from Zurich Airport.
29. Vienna Woods – UNESCO Biosphere Reserve

Image Credit: Wildfaces by Pixabay
What makes Vienna Woods one of the best places in Austria is its abundance of flora-fauna and proximity to the city. When locals want to get away from it all, they drive to Vienna Woods to spend some time in the lap of nature. It is a designated UNESCO Biosphere Reserve with home to 150 species of birds, 2000 animals, and various plants. The best part is that it is accessible from Vienna via public transport.
Ideal For: Nature getaway
Places to Visit: NA
Places To Stay: Ferienwohnung Vonwald, Hotel Ekazent Schönbrunn, Eventhotel Pyramide
Best Restaurants: NA
Best Time To Visit: April-May, September-October
How To Reach: Vienna Woods is large consisting of multiple areas under its belt. You could take a train or bus to these respective point. Get on the bus 566 from Vienna central station to get to Laxenburg Castle Gardens.
Suggested Read: Best Honeymoon Destinations In Europe In Winter

30. Krems – Explore Nature And History

One of the top places to see in Austria is Krems, one of the oldest cities dating back to 995 AD. You can explore a millennium of history in the form of old churches, monasteries, streets and squares. Another great thing to admire in Krems is the fortification structures and burgher houses. A stroll through the streets is going to be such a refreshing experience for you, eating at one of the finest Austrian restaurants, and cafes, and exploring attractions.
Ideal for: Sightseeing, exploring historical sites
Places To Visit: Kunsthalle Krems, State Gallery of Lower Austria, Göttweig Abbey, Karikaturmuseum Krems, Steiner Tor
Places To Stay: Orange Wings Hotel Krems, Gasthof Klinglhuber
Best Restaurants: Gasthaus Jell, Schwarze Kuchl, 2Stein
Best Time To Visit: All year round
How To Reach: The average journey time to travel between Vienna and Krems an der Donau is 1 hour and 10 minutes, via train. There are approximately 50 trains that run on a daily basis, so the travelling part is easy here.
31. Linz – Creative Capital

Linz is the international creative capital of culture arts and one of the best places in Austria. A contemporary city located on the banks of river Danube. A nice walk along the river with a range of cultural attractions and events will keep you entertained and energized in this beautiful city in Austria. With a great number of stunning architecture and historical buildings, Linz has over the time, been ignored and is usually not the first place that comes to mind when visiting Austria. It’s a modern city which is also the third largest in Vienna and housing some of the best hotels in Austria.
Ideal for: Sightseeing, exploring the culture
Places To Visit: Linz’s main square, Schlossmuseum Linz, Pöstlingbergbahn, Ars Electronica Center, The New Cathedral, Grottenbahn
Places To Stay: Jugendgästehaus Linz, Courtyard by Marriott Linz, Harry’s Home Linz
Best Restaurants: Gościnna Chata, Verdi-Restaurant-Einkehr, Restaurant Rauner
Best Time To Visit: May to September
How To Reach: Plenty of trains from the capital city, Vienna, ply on a regular basis to Linz. In case you are looking for more exploration, then a ferry ride is also feasible when visiting the city of Linz.
Suggested Read: Austria In May
32. Schonbrunn Palace – Heritage Of Austria

Image Source
Thinking where to go in Austria? Well, if you are into palaces and all, then this is for you. It is one of the most royal places to visit in Vienna. The palace is a UNESCO World heritage site, so it should be on your bucket list. As you walk into the palace, you will feel the vibes of its royalty. The palace also offers heartwarming attractions like Privy Garden which is full of lush greenery.
Ideal for: History, Architecture
Places to Visit: Schonbrunn Palace
Places to Stay: Austria Trend Parkhotel Schönbrunn Wien, Aparthotel Adagio Vienna City
Best Restaurants: Der Gockel, Kutscher G’woelb, Joseph II. – Das Schloss-Restaurant Schonbrunn
Best Time To Visit: April to May, September to October
How To Reach: There are many trams and buses that go till Schonbrun palace.
33. Vienna State Opera – Rendezvous With The Culture

Image Source
Vienna state opera is one of the top places in Austria for the culture vultures. If you are interested in art and culture, then this will definitely fascinate you. Firstly, the very structure of the museum will grab your attention. You can take a tour of the museum and learn about the culture of the city in detail here.
Ideal for: Culture, Architecture
Places To Visit: Vienna State Opera
Places to Stay: The Amauris Vienna – Relais & Châteaux, Mar Suite Apartments – Center
Best Restaurants: You Vienna, Bristol Lounge, Bristol Bar, Hard Rock Cafe – Vienna
Best Time To Visit: April to May, September to October
How To Reach: There are many trams till Vienna State Opera
Suggested Read: Austria In November
34. Eisriesenwelt Cave – A Unique Attraction

Image Source
There are many places in Austria to visit while you are holidaying there. One of them is Eisriesenwelt Cave. It is one of the most outlandish and mysterious attractions in the country. You will have to go several steps down in order to reach the cave. The cave is surrounded by ice all over and will give you a thrilling experience like never before. If you wish to explore unique places to visit in Austria, don’t forget to visit Eisriesenwelt Cave.
Ideal for: Adventure, Nature
Places To Visit: Eisriesenwelt Cave
Places to Stay: Berghotel Garni Burgblick, Hotel Adler
Best Restaurants: Restaurant Obauer, Berggasthof Zaismann, Gasthaus zum Eisenwerk
Best Time To Visit: September to October, April to May
How To Reach: There are many buses to go to the cave
Further Read: Salzburg Hotels
Though we’ve included the best places to visit in Austria, there is so much more to experience in this beautiful country and in Europe too! To help you plan your perfect vacation, we would recommend you plan a trip to Austria with TravelTriangle and enjoy a customized holiday just like you have always desired or dreamt of. Happy traveling!
For our editorial codes of conduct and copyright disclaimer, please click here.
Cover Image Source: Shutterstock
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Austria

Which are some of the safest places to visit in Austria for families with kids? 

						Austria encompasses a multitude of awe-inspiring places which one can visit with family. Some of the most picturesque and safe places to visit in Austria for families with little ones are:
1. Graz
2. Bregenz
3. Vienna
4. Innsbruck
5. Klagenfurt                     

Which are some of the must-visit places in Austria for couples?

						Austria is home to majestic landmarks, fascinating cities, and charming towns. Amid the plethora of captivating places to visit in Austria, some of the must-visit attractions for couples are:
1. Vienna
2. Salzburg
3. Bad Gastein
4. Feldkirch
5. Hallstatt
6. Innsbruck                    

Which are the best places to visit in Austria?

						There are various places in Austria that you must visit for a memorable vacation in this European country:
1. Innsbruck
2. Salzkammergut
3. Salzburg
4. Vienna
5. Zell am See                     

Which is the most beautiful city in Austria?

						You won’t find one but many towns in the country of Austria that are a true beauty like:
1. Hallstatt Village
2. Innsbruck
3. Bad Gastein
4. Alpbach
5. Durnstein                     

What is the best way to travel around in Austria?

						For a hassle-free travel experience, you should travel around Austria in a train. The Austrian Federal Railways operate the trains in this country.                    

What is a typical Austrian breakfast?

						A typical Austrian breakfast is high in nutrients and the most popular Austrian food includes cooked eggs, grilled tomatoes, mushrooms, smoked bacon, sausages, beans, and hash browns.                    

Which is the best time to visit Austria?

						April, May, September & October are the best months to visit Austria.                    

What should I buy in Austria?

						Some of the best souvenirs to get back from Austria are the Mozart Balls and Austrian Beer Glasses.                    

Is Vienna easy to walk around?

						Yes, if you like walking, then you can cover a major part of Vienna on foot. So, do not forget to pack a pair of comfortable shoes.                     

When does it snow in Austria?

						One can expect snow in Vienna from late December till March.                     

What is Austria famous for? 

						Austria is known for castles, palaces, historical buildings and unique structures that speak of its glorious history.                    

Looking To Book A Holiday Package?

Spellbinding Cochin Family Tour 2D/1N Package @ Rs 2,750
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Himachal Family Tour Package 4D/3N @ Rs 8,750
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

Exciting Andaman Family Trip 5D/4N @ Rs 10,250
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Gangtok & Darjeeling Tour Package 5D/4N @ Rs 13,000
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

Wonderful Goa Family Package 3D/2N @ Rs 6,500
Best prices guaranteed.

Book Now

Riveting Rajasthan Vacation 3D/2N Package @ Rs 6,499
EMI option available.

Book Now

Enchanting Uttarakhand Tour 4D/3N Package @ Rs 7,199 
Explore best destinations with our experts.

Book Now

Delightful South Weekend Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Thrilling weekend full of fun.

Book Now

Marvelous Gujarat Tour 3D/2N Package @ Rs 4,999
Talk to our experts today.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

People Also Read:
Places To Visit In Mauritius Places To Visit In Arizona Places To Visit In France 

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Austria, Europe, Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle     Seva Kunj In Vrindavan Is Where You Offer Prayers To Radha-Krishna     Explore The Tranquil And Green Refuge Of Rajghat Park Amidst Bustling Ayodhya In 2024     Visit The Allahabad Museum To Explore The History     Exploring The Mystique Of Kathiya Temple Which Is A Sacred Gem To Explore In 2024 In Ayodhya     Explore The Beautiful Lalita Devi Mandir And Reconnect With Your Soul        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > International > Europe»Austria» > 34 Best Places To Visit In Austria In 2024 That Look Straight Out Of A Picture Book

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesInternational Tour PackagesMaldives Tour PackagesBali Tour PackagesDubai Tour PackagesSingapore Tour PackagesThailand Tour PackagesEurope Tour PackagesSri Lanka Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadInternational Tourism GuideThailand TourismBali TourismSingapore TourismMaldives TourismMauritius TourismDubai TourismEurope TourismTop International HotelsHotels in ThailandHotels in MaldivesHotels in MauritiusHotels in BaliHotels in DubaiHotels in SingaporeHotels in Sri Lanka     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: Attraction: Vienna – Walk Down The Glorious Past

          Attraction: Salzburg – A Date With Mozart

          Attraction: Innsbruck – The Picture-Postcard Town

          Attraction: Salzkammergut – Relax And Rejuvenate

          Attraction: Graz – Immerse In History, Culture, And Food

          Attraction: Worthersee – A Summer To Remember

          Attraction: Bad Gastein – A Refreshing Treat For Body And Soul

          Attraction: Bregenz – Tranquil Days By The Lake

          Attraction: Wachau – Best Wines And A Dose Of History

          Attraction: Zell Am See – Pristine Alpine Wonders

          Attraction: Hoher Dachstein – The Three-State Mountain

          Attraction: Krimml Waterfalls – Austria’s Famous Paradise

          Attraction: Vorarlberg – Land Of Mountains

          Attraction: Tyrol – Heaven In The Alps

          Attraction: Carinthia – Lakes And Forests

          Attraction: Styria – Witness The Wildlife

          Attraction: Burgenland – Taste The Fine Wines

          Attraction: Hallstatt – Scenic Lake Views

          Attraction: Mostviertel – Old World Charm

          Attraction: Alpbach – Skiing And Sledding

          Attraction: Eisenstadt – Postcard Perfect Sceneries

          Attraction: Grossglockner High Alpine Road – Best Road Trip Ever

          Attraction: Lake Constance – Third Largest Lake In Europe

          Attraction: National Park Donau Auen – Into The Wild

          Attraction: National Park Gesause – A Rock Climber’s Paradise

          Attraction: National Park Hohe Tauern – The Land Of Austria’s Superlatives

          Attraction: Seewinkel National Park – For Birdwatching

          Attraction: St Anton am Arlberg – Best Ski Village

          Attraction: Vienna Woods – UNESCO Biosphere Reserve

          Attraction: Krems – Explore Nature And History

          Attraction: Linz – Creative Capital

          Attraction: Schonbrunn Palace – Heritage Of Austria

          Attraction: Vienna State Opera – Rendezvous With The Culture

          Attraction: Eisriesenwelt Cave – A Unique Attraction