URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-valencia/
Title: 9 Best Places To Visit In Valencia On Your Trip To Spain In 2023
Description: These places to visit in Valencia in 2023 should be on your itinerary of Spain if you are looking forward to having an amazing time in this happening city.
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        9 Places To Visit In Valencia In 2024 That Makes It A Happening City

        ..
        SHARES

        10 Apr  2023

            Written by Ekta Maheshwari 

Spain’s third-largest city Valencia is settled on the Mediterranean seashore presenting an all-embracing combination of both imperial and natural wonders. Often acknowledged as “a piece of paradise slipped to earth”, the ancient city of Valencia is characterized by its vibrant cultural heritage. You can spend an entire day checking out the places to visit in Valencia yet the list won’t end. 
The port city of Valencia is prospered with dignified historic buildings, palm-fringed plazas, sparkling churches, and Azulejo Domes and all of these speak Valencia’s aristocratic past. Apart from the city-life, the port city offers beautiful sublime beaches with plenty of beach villas to spend a perfect holiday in a sun-soaked atmosphere.
Best Places To Visit In Valencia
If you are wondering which sites to visit in Valencia, here is a complete list of the most selected places to visit in Valencia to choose from.
1. Oceanogràfic Valencia2. City of Arts and Sciences3. Catedral de Valencia4. Bioparc Valencia5. Museo de Bellas Artes6. The Torres de Serranos7. Ceramics Museum8. Centre Arqueològic de l’Almoina9. El Saler Beach
1. Oceanogràfic Valencia

Image Source
The stunning structure of Oceanogràfic Valencia is outlined by architect Félix Candela. It is a part of the City of the Arts and Sciences and it is a collection of certain buildings, each devoted to earth’s most significant aquatic ecosystems and habitats: the Mediterranean, The Red Sea, Wetlands, Antarctic, Temperate & Tropical Oceans and the Arctic. The complex has underwater tunnels that allow the visitor to view the underwater aquatic life of 45,000 sea creatures that represent 500 diverse varieties. The most exciting fact is when travelers walk through the tunnels, they are wholly encircled by floating sharks, seals, sea lions, turtles, penguins, beluga whales, walruses, etc. You can also eat in an undersea eatery enclosed by a large aquarium.
Location: Carrer d’Eduardo Primo Yúfera, 1B, 46013 València, Valencia, SpainTimings: Everyday from 10 am To 6 pm.
Must Read: 13 Valencia Beaches For An Intoxicating Mediterranean Vacation

Europe Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle

Magnificent Switzerland Holiday 6D/5N Package @ Rs 69,999
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Magnificent Europe Tour 7D/6N Package @ Rs 70,975
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

France & Switzerland Tour Package 8D/7N @ Rs 90,000
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Scintillating Spain & Portugal Tour 11D/10N @ Rs 101,150
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

6 Country Europe Tour Package 12D/11N @ Rs 118,650
Best prices guaranteed. EMI option available.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. City of Arts and Sciences

Image Source
A superintended complex comprised of the most prominent constructions in Valencia, the City of Arts and Sciences is one of the most famous places to visit in Valencia. Locally known as Ciudad de las Artes y las Ciencias, the city highlights six futuristic formations which include- a science museum, an aquarium, a multipurpose covered square, an opera base, an open-air art gallery, and an IMAX cinema. The outline of this cutting-edge infrastructure is sketched by globally recognized architect Santiago Calatrava. The City of Arts and Sciences also receives gatherings, exhibitions, and laboratories linked to science and art themes.
Location: Av. del Professor López Piñero, 7, 46013 València, Valencia, SpainTimings: 10 am to 6 pm
Suggested Read: 20 Most Beautiful Cities In Spain: Get Spellbound By Them On A Trip 
3. Catedral de Valencia

Image Source
The Cathedral of Valencia is a beautiful Medieval church accompanied by its signature Miguelete Tower. The exterior design of the church is blended with Gothic, Romanesque and Baroque architectonic components. The domes are ornamented by lively azure-hued tilework that is highlighted as a unique focus of Valencia’s skyline. The magnificent Puerta del Palau doorway exists from the 15th-century Roman era. The internal architecture is characterized by an exhilarating ambiance, dignified domed roof, and a rose window. Another highlight is the Chapel of the Holy Grail. This chapel represents a picture of the 12 messengers in Heaven and the crowning of the Virgin Mary.
Location: Plaça de l’Almoina, s/n, 46003 València, Valencia, SpainTimings: Mon-Sat, 10:00 am to 6:30 pm, Sun 2:00 pm to 6:30 pm
Suggested Read: Spanish Travel Words And Phrases To Help One On A Trip To Spain And Latin America
4. Bioparc Valencia

Image Source
Bioparc Valencia was designed to provide shelter animals in as near to their indigenous localities as possible. The park has a zoo that includes 25 acres north of the park. The division between the park and the zoo is set by the River Turia’s course. The zoo has an extensive array of African animals. This zoo park is one of the most famous nearby places to visit in Valencia. The atmosphere is composed to let the visitants directly sense as they have been moved to Africa. The animals here roam around on the free landscape just like that in Equatorial Africa, Madagascar, and savannah. All different species coexist together in natural settings. Popular wild species are- giraffes, rhinoceros, lions, gorillas, antelopes, crocodiles and hippopotami.
Location: Av. Pío Baroja, 3, 46015 València, Valencia, SpainTimings: 10:00 AM to 6 PM
Suggested Read: 7 Reasons To Visit Spain At Least Once In Your Lifetime!
5. Museo de Bellas Artes

Image Source
An excellent site to explore the pictorial heritage of Valencia, the Fine Arts Museum or Museo de Bellas Artes exhibits archeological discoveries, murals, and carvings. The art collections focus on order from the ancient period to the contemporary generation. The altarpiece of a Valencian monk, Fray Bonifacio Ferrer and Hieronymus Bosch’s triptych of the Passion are the most celebrated works here. Other significant highlights are- Francisco Ribalta’s Saint Bruno and Last Supper, and Jusepe de Ribera’s Saint Jerome. The famous artworks here exhibited are of Diego Rodríguez, El Greco, Luis de Morales, Francisco de Goya and many more.
Location: Carrer de Sant Pius V, 9, 46010 València, Valencia, SpainTimings: 10 AM – 8 PM
Suggested Read: 15 Top Things To Do In Spain That Will Leave Your Soul Craving For More!
6. The Torres de Serranos

Image Source
One of the best tourist places to visit in Valencia, this majestic landmark is a representative figure of Valencia. It is an antique gate of the Old Town when it was enclosed by protective-barrier walls. The town barriers were established in the 14th century on the peak of Roman institutions. In 1930, the Serranos Towers were refurbished to their ancient grandeur. From these large pillars, visitors can spectate the extensive pictures of the city. The entrance of the access gate highlights ornamental Gothic features.
Location: Plaça dels Furs, s/n, 46003 València, SpainTimings: 9:30 AM – 7:30 PM
Suggested Read: 7 Stupendous Cruises In Spain Revealing The Hidden Secret
7. Ceramics Museum

Image Source
The Ceramic Museum is included by Palacio del Marqués de Dos Aguas- a magnificent 18th-century palace. The Marquise Palace is distinguished for its richly ornamented facade with an elegantly sculpted alabaster entrance. The National Ceramic Museum was inaugurated in 1947 and it sponsors more than 5,000 representatives of classical ceramics from Valencia. It also represents the azure shiny ceramic of Azulejos and shiny porcelain of faience. Other exceptional objects on exhibition cover ancient Greek, Arab and Roman porcelain; expensive Asian porcelain; and contemporary items by Mariano and Picasso.
Location: Valencia, SpainTimings: 10 am to 2m, 4 pm to 8 pm
Suggested Read: 8 Best Spanish Cuisines That Will Make You Fall In Love With Spain All Over Again!
8. Centre Arqueològic de l’Almoina

Image Source
Almoina Archaeological Center was established between 1985 & 2005 and it is a silken modernized architecture that conserves an accumulation of ancient remains of the earliest foundation by the Romans, nearly 2,000 years before. There are ruins of different buildings, a sanctuary, forum portico, baths, and a granary existing from the ancient Visigoth and Muslim eras. In the Cristian time, an apse of a church and a baptistery were built. Other formations are- courtyard, a waterwheel, and pool. The remains of the barriers belong to Alcázar that existed here throughout the Islamic era. Its unearthed domain is acknowledged as one of Europe’s greatest archaeological positions.
Location: Plaça de Dècim Juni Brut, s/n, 46003 València, Valencia, SpainTimings: 10 am to 7 pm
Suggested Read: 10 National Parks Of Spain That Will Take The Travelers To Another World
9. El Saler Beach

Image Source
One of the best places to visit in Valencia for couples is El Saler beach where couples can enjoy the tropical bath, seafood cuisines and various recreational activities like water sports. El Saler beach is positioned about 13km to Valencia. It is a long-winded plain sandy area enclosed by excellent sand dunes. It is near to La Albufera Natural Park where boating is one of the famous activities enjoyed by tourists. the tranquil beach of El Saler is perfect for tranquil relaxation away from the bustling life of materialistic world.
Location: El Saler, 46012 València, SpainTimings: 10 am to 7:30 pm
Further Read: Honeymoon In Spain: 18 Best Places For A Romantic Español Vacation
If you are planning your next holiday to Spain, do not forget to consider these amazing places to visit in Valencia. The third-largest Spanish city has abundant to offer, from luxurious restaurants to charming beaches, and from ethnic galleries to state-of-the-art city infrastructures; all are infused in the color of roman archaism.
Disclaimer: TravelTriangle claims no credit for images featured on our blog site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyrighted to its respectful owners. We try to link back to original sources whenever possible. If you own the rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear on TravelTriangle, please contact us and they will be promptly removed. We believe in providing proper attribution to the original author, artist or photographer.
Please Note: Any information published by TravelTriangle in any form of content is not intended to be a substitute for any kind of medical advice, and one must not take any action before consulting a professional medical expert of their own choice.
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Valencia

What is there to do in Valencia?

						The land of Valencia offers wide opportunities for things to do including Sightseeing, Exploring galleries and museums, Enjoying Carnivals, Shopping, dining in the luxurious restaurants, Accomplishing recreational activities and watersports at the beaches, experience the futuristic phenomena at City of the art and Science and many more.                     

What is there to do in Valencia for free?

						Free things to do in Valencia are- Sunbathe on the beach, Rest in La Albufera, Enjoy Fallas, Tour free entry museums, playing at Turia Gardens, exploring the city of Ciutat Vella, photography at City of Arts and Sciences and many more.                     

Is Valencia safe for tourists?

						Valencia is very safe to tour even for the solo travelers and the crime rate is very low here which makes it an ideal dwelling center for the local people. But still, it is always suggested that every traveler should follow minimum safety measures especially when they are in a foreign place.                     

Is Valencia a party place?

						Yes, absolutely! Valencia is one of the most happening places where you can enjoy attending some of the best night clubs.                     

Does Valencia have a beach?

						Yes, Valencia has a beach lying on the southern end of the city. It is called El Saler Beach and you could visit the beach anytime to enjoy the views of the ocean.                     

What is there to do in Valencia at night?

						You could enjoy the happening nightlife of Spain or go out for a traditional tapas night. If you are a party animal, you will find a number of clubs where you could drink and dance all night long.                     

Looking To Book An International Holiday?

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST  

                Category: Places To Visit, Spain

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle     Visit The Holy Potra Kund In Mathura To Find Serenity     Seva Kunj In Vrindavan Is Where You Offer Prayers To Radha-Krishna     Explore The Beauty Of Chandrashekhar Azad Park In Uttar Pradesh     Explore The Historic Beauty Of Khusro Bagh In Uttar Pradesh     Explore The Tranquil And Green Refuge Of Rajghat Park Amidst Bustling Ayodhya In 2024        

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score        

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > Spain» > 9 Places To Visit In Valencia In 2024 That Makes It A Happening City

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesDomestic Tour PackagesKerala Tour PackagesGoa Tour PackagesAndaman Tour PackagesSikkim Tour PackagesHimachal Tour PackagesUttarakhand Tour PackagesRajasthan Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadDomestic Tourism GuideKerala TourismGoa TourismSikkim TourismAndaman TourismHimachal TourismUttarakhand TourismRajasthan TourismTop Domestic HotelsHotels in KeralaHotels in GoaHotels in SikkimHotels in AndamanHotels in HimachalHotels in UttarakhandHotels in Rajasthan     

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: No attractions found