URL: https://traveltriangle.com/blog/places-to-visit-in-poland/
Title: 15 Best Places To Visit In Poland For Your Next 2023 Holiday
Description: This list of places to visit in Poland will help you on your next adventurous vacation in this serene paradise filled with many tourist attractions. Take a look
Main Content: Blog

                Honeymoon
Destinations

	India Destination

		Kerala
		Himachal
		Goa
		Rajasthan
		Andaman

	International Destination

		Thailand
		Bali
		Sri Lanka
		Asia
		Europe

Season
Hotels
Travelogues
Topical

	Things To Do

		Adventure
		Nightlife
		Budget Travel
		Festival
		Shopping
		Food
		haunted
		Infographics

	Worldwide

		Hill Station
		Weekend Getaways
		News
		Top 10
		Top 15
		Top 20
		Top 50

        Thank You!
        You will be redirected to your dashboard shortly. We will also call you back in 24 hrs.

        15 Best Places To Visit In Poland For A Thrilling European Vacay In 2024

        ..
        SHARES

        10 Apr  2023

            Written by Ruchika Anand

Poland is known for its success story in the post communist era with its emergence as a proud, independent country. It is a famous European destination for its picturesque landscapes, rich history, vibrant culture and historical places to visit in Poland. You can enjoy the sea, the mountains and various other outdoor landscapes in Poland. The delicious cuisine and Jewish heritage are a few of other popular Poland tourist attractions.
Top 15 Places To Visit In Poland
While you’re out and about in the fun packed paradise of Poland, this list of places will surely woo your senses. Check out this list to know what all awaits you here!

Wonderful Main Market Square
The Auschwitz-Birkenau Memorial And Museum
 Krakow Old Town
Royal Castle
The Museum Of The History Of Polish Jews
Palace Of Culture And Science
 The Vistula River Beach
Ostrów Tumski
Rynek
The Royal Palace
Białowieża Forest
Wieliczka Salt Mine
Bydgoszcz
Gdansk
Malbork

1. Wonderful Main Market Square

Image Source
This is the first amongst Poland destinations you should start your visit in Krakow with. Main Market Square is the largest medieval market in Europe and a famous hub of social life for youth and young tourists traveling from around the world. a busy urban space today, it dates back to the 13th century.
Location: 0-062 Kraków, Poland
Suggested Read: 14 Essential Europe Travel Tips For The First-Timers Taking A Euro-cation

Europe Holiday Packages On TravelTriangle
Explore the most beautiful places to visit in Europe, from Paris to the Venice canals and from the Greek islands to the Swiss alps. Book customized packages by expert agents on TravelTriangle. Inclusive of airport transfers, cab, resort, sightseeing and meals. Best holiday experience Guaranteed. Book Now

Magnificent Switzerland Holiday 6D/5N Package @ Rs 69,999
Plan your trip today!

Book Now

Magnificent Europe Tour 7D/6N Package @ Rs 70,975
Get quotes from multiple travel experts.

Book Now

France & Switzerland Tour Package 8D/7N @ Rs 90,000
Compare & customize quotes before booking.

Book Now

Scintillating Spain & Portugal Tour 11D/10N @ Rs 101,150
Have Questions? Talk to our travel experts today.

Book Now

6 Country Europe Tour Package 12D/11N @ Rs 118,650
Best prices guaranteed. EMI option available.

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

2. The Auschwitz-Birkenau Memorial And Museum

Image Source
It is built in the honour of approximately 1.5 million people exterminated here during the Second World War. Today, this museum serves as an important historical area left exactly as it was when the Nazis abandoned it, complete with gas chamber ruins that makes it one of the foremost places to visit in Poland.
Location: Więźniów Oświęcimia 20, 32-603 Oświęcim, Poland
Timings:: 8:00 AM – 3:00 PM
3. Krakow Old Town

Image Source
The Main Square of Krakow is the largest in Central Europe and serves as the center of the city’s political and social life since the Middle ages. It is the best place for Poland tourism for its amazing Renaissance feels reflected in the Sufkiennence, St Mary Basilica and artsy cafes and bars. Infact Krakow has one of the world’s most beautiful street owing to its wonderful architecture.
Location: Old Town, Krakow, Poland
Suggested Read: 20 Things To Do In Prague: Key To An Apt European Vacay
4. Royal Castle

Image Source
Located in the Old Town on the beautiful Castle Square, it housed Polish royalty between the 16th and the 18th century. It was rebuilt in the 1980’s after being destroyed in the Second World War. Don’t miss out on the the series of portraits of Polish kings and 23 18th-century paintings of Warsaw.
Location: Więźniów Oświęcimia 20, 32-603 Oświęcim, Poland
Timings:: 8:00 AM – 3:00 PM
5. The Museum Of The History Of Polish Jews

Image Source
Compared to other places to visit in Poland, it has opened in recent times and is an interactive museum which serves as a centre of culture. Various events, workshops, debates and lectures are held here. This is one of the places in Poland that is notable for the depiction of the thousand-year old history of Polish Jews.
Location: Anielewicza 6, 00-157 Warszawa, Poland
Timings:: 10:00 AM – 6:00 PM
Suggested Read: The Disney Magic Cruise Will Let You See Italy and Southern Europe In An Exciting Way
6. Palace Of Culture And Science

Image Source
If you are wondering what to see in Poland, this should be one of the first few items on your checklist. It was gifted by Stalin and is a long high-rise building that is inspired The Empire State Building. It is today a centre for various events such as concerts, theatrical performances, sports clubs, and cultural activities. This is surely one of the most famous places to visit in Poland for your next trip!
Location: Plac Defilad 1, Warsaw 00-110, Poland
Timings:: 11:00 AM – 11:30 PM
7. The Vistula River Beach

Image Source
The Vistula acts as a district of entertainment and recreational activities in the middle of Warsaw. The beach, stretch of natural grasslands and various indigenous species of birds make this area a spectacular point to chill in the city with its vibrant colours and magical atmosphere. This place surely tops the list of most beautiful places to visit in Poland!
Location: Wybrzeże Helskie, Warsaw, Poland
Suggested Read: Planning A European Holiday? Here’s How You Can Get Paid To Travel Across Europe!
8. Ostrów Tumski

Image Source
This stunning island is one of the oldest areas in Wroclaw. Bound by the River Oder, there are many prominent monuments on this island such as the Cathedral of Saint John the Baptist (restored after World War II), the Holy Cross and Saint Bartholomew’s Collegiate. The place has some fantastic architecture. Be charmed by the aesthetic and historic buildings here.
Location: Ostrow Tumski, Wroclaw, Poland
Timings:: 8:00 AM – 7:00 PM
Suggested Read: Wildlife In Poland: 9 Popular Animals In The Country You Must Witness
9. Rynek

Image Source
This market square is located in the heart of Wroclaw and features the Cloth Hall and the Town Hall, with elements of Gothic and renaissance architecture. Visiting the Rynek is an important part of your itinerary on Poland travel and amongst the best places to visit in Poland.
Location: Stare Miasto, Wrocław; Lower Silesian Voivodeship
Suggested Read: Head To The Switzerland Mountains For A Dreamy Alpine Vacation In Europe
10. The Royal Palace

Image Source
The Royal palace is home to the historical Museum of Wroclaw which shows the historical traditions of the city through interactive exhibitions such as Wroclaw’s millennium. The Baroque style garden and royal apartments in this palace makes it one of places to visit in Poland.
Location: Kazimierza Wielkiego 35, 50-077 Wrocław
Timings:: 10:00 AM – 6:00 PM
Entry fee:: Rs. 292
Suggested Read: 10 Best Festivals In Poland That Showcase Its History And Traditions
11. Białowieża Forest

Image Source
Covering a region of more than 3,000 kilometres, Białowieża Forest is amongst the most raw and untouched form of scenic beauty that you can visit in Poland and is also listed amongst the UNESCO World Heritage sites. Having a wide variety of trees such as oaks as old as 500 years are the speciality of this region. If you’re lucky you can spot one of the many wild creatures present here including golden eagles, European bison and deer.
Location: Grodno and Brest regions, Belarus; Podlaskie Voivodeship
12. Wieliczka Salt Mine

Image Source
Another one of the UNESCO sites, Wieliczka Salt Mine has been open since the time of middle ages and takes about 2 hours to tour the entire place. This mine goes as deep as 140 feet under the ground level and has plenty of stairs which will help burn some calories. The experience of traveling through this stunning site also feels like moving towards the centre of the Earth as per some travelers.
Location: Jana Mikołaja Daniłowicza 10, 32-020 Wieliczka
13. Bydgoszcz

Image Source
Known to have some of the finest universities and colleges abode, Bydgoszcz in Poland is a must visit cosmopolitan city. It’s one of those places where you can pamper the artist in you by exploring the various theatres and music centres in the city. Don’t miss out on Nicolaus Copernicus Square and Bydgoszcz Pantheon while you’re here.
Location: Bydgoszcz, Poland
14. Gdansk

Image Source
Famous as the place where the Solidarity movement in Poland started, Gdansk is a must visit spot for its shipyards. A boat trip around the port will let you witness some of the finest views and you can surely head straight to try some Polish beer while you’re here. What’s more is that the Royal Route and the Old Town have some surprising hidden secrets for travelers to explore!
Location: Gdansk, Poland
15. Malbork

Image Source
Europe’s most splendid castles with all their glory and charm can be found in the quaint town of Malbork. With a serene view from each of the historical and architectural sites to visit in this place, this place has something in store for every kind of traveler. Don’t forget to stop by at some of the local shops to indulge in the authentic flavours of this place.
Location: Malbork, Poland
Further Read: These Pictures Of Freezing Amsterdam Canals Will Make You Fall For European Winters!
Know any more places to visit in Poland? Put them in the comments below. Plan your trip to Europe for the most amazing and unparalleled experiences in Poland with your loved ones like never before. So, what are you waiting for? Pack your bags and get going for that much awaited trip you’ve been longing for and tag your favourite travel buddies along!
Frequently Asked Questions About Places To Visit In Poland

What are three tourist attractions in Poland?

						Poland is home to some of the most fascinating attractions and landmarks in the world, and three tourist attractions that we recommend you must visit are:
1. Wieliczka Salt Mine, Wieliczka
2. Warsaw Old Market Place
3. Auschwitz-Birkenau Camps, Oswiecim

How expensive is Poland?

						If you are planning to visit this central European country, you can expect to spend around zł2,944 ($726) for two people. While Poland is not one of the most expensive countries to visit, it is above average when it comes to the cost of accommodation, food and sightseeing.

What is the most visited site in Poland?

						While there are more than one popular sites in Poland, two of the most recommended is the Salt Mine in Wieliczka and the historic site of Auschwitz which you must visit.

Looking To Book An International Holiday?
Book memorable holidays on TravelTriangle with 650+ verified travel agents for 65+ domestic and international destinations.

Trip to Sri Lanka at Rs 13,500/-
Plan Your Vacation Today!

Book Now

Trip to Singapore at Rs 20,499/-
Get Quotes From Local Experts

Book Now

Mauritius Holiday Starting at Rs 65,000/-
Talk to Our Experts Today

Book Nowk

Maldives Honeymoon Trip at Rs 39,800/-
Pay with easy EMI Option

Book Now

Europe Trip at Rs 89,999/-
All Inclusive Deals

Book Now

Vacation in Dubai at Rs 27,499/-
Book Now!!

Book Now

Hong Kong Holiday at Rs 24,999/-
Money Safe Guarantee

Book Now

Thailand Holiday at Rs 7,999/-
Flights Excluded

Book Now

See more at TRAVELTRIANGLE.COM

Visit Website

                       PREVIOUS POSTNEXT POST

                Category: Europe, Places To Visit

    Follow Us On:

    ×

                    ×

Recent Posts Chaukhandi Stupa Is An Interesting Spot For Your Next Trip To Varanasi In 2024     Exploring The Mysteries Of Samudra Koop Which Is A Sacred Well In Allahabad To Visit In 2024     A Comprehensive Guide To The Enchanting Beauty Of Dashashwamedh Ghat To Explore In 2024     A Pilgrim’s Guide To Dwarka’s Divine Temple Of Shree Dwarkadhish Temple To Explore In 2024     Experience The Spiritual Splendor Of Kalachakra Temple In Mcleodganj In 2024     A Trip To Vishram Ghat For A Serene Escape From Hustle And Bustle

Trending Blogs

 20 Mysterious Places In India To Visit In 2024 More Bizarre Than The Bermuda Triangle   Social Score     10 Scariest Roads In India That Are A Driver’s Nightmare   Social Score     101 Places To Visit In India Before You Turn 30 in 2024   Social Score     35 Exotic Places To Visit In December In India 2024 To Enjoy A Surreal Vacation   Social Score     60 Best Honeymoon Destinations In India In 2024   Social Score     95 Best Honeymoon Destinations In The World In 2023 For A Romantic Escape!   Social Score

    Best Places To Visit In India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

    Best Places To Visit Outside India By Month

            Jan

            Feb

            Mar

            Apr

            May

            Jun

            Jul

            Aug

            Sep

            Oct

            Nov

            Dec

             TravelTriangle > Blog > International > Places To Visit» > 15 Best Places To Visit In Poland For A Thrilling European Vacay In 2024

     Packages By ThemeTour PackagesHoneymoon PackagesFamily PackagesBudget Tour PackagesLuxury Tour PackagesAdventure Tour PackagesGroup Tour PackagesInternational Tour PackagesMaldives Tour PackagesBali Tour PackagesDubai Tour PackagesSingapore Tour PackagesThailand Tour PackagesEurope Tour PackagesSri Lanka Tour PackagesPackages From Top CitiesTour Packages From DelhiTour Packages From MumbaiTour Packages From BangaloreTour Packages From ChennaiTour Packages From KolkataTour Packages From HyderabadTour Packages From AhmedabadInternational Tourism GuideThailand TourismBali TourismSingapore TourismMaldives TourismMauritius TourismDubai TourismEurope TourismTop International HotelsHotels in ThailandHotels in MaldivesHotels in MauritiusHotels in BaliHotels in DubaiHotels in SingaporeHotels in Sri Lanka

                Our Story
                About us
                Team
                We are hiring!

                Get Inspired
                Testimonials
                Blog

                Travelogues

                Policies
                Terms and Conditions
                Privacy Policy

                More

                FAQs
                Contact Us
                RSS Feeds

                      Corporate Office

                        Holiday Triangle Travel Private Limited
                        Address: Plot No - 52 , 3rd Floor,
                        Batra House , Sector 32,
                        Gurugram -122001,Haryana
                        Landline: 1800 123 5555

                  1800 123 5555
                  customercare@traveltriangle.com

                All rights reserved © 2024

        tour_packages#index
        europe
Attractions: Attraction: Wonderful Main Market Square

          Attraction: The Auschwitz-Birkenau Memorial And Museum

          Attraction: Krakow Old Town

          Attraction: Royal Castle

          Attraction: The Museum Of The History Of Polish Jews

          Attraction: Palace Of Culture And Science

          Attraction: The Vistula River Beach

          Attraction: Ostrów Tumski

          Attraction: Rynek

          Attraction: The Royal Palace

          Attraction: Białowieża Forest

          Attraction: Wieliczka Salt Mine

          Attraction: Bydgoszcz

          Attraction: Gdansk

          Attraction: Malbork
