Name: bangalore palace
Location: vasanth nagar.
Entry Fee: inr 230.
bangalore palace was built by england s windsor castle.Description: bangalore palace winit deshpande for wikimedia commons .

Name: tipu sultan s summer palace
Location: albert victor road.
Entry Fee: inr 15 for indians and inr 200.
Description: tipu sultan s summer palace dineshkannambadi for wikimedia commons located in the most crowded market area tipu sultan fort ideally represents the artistic talent which thrived in the past and is among the most fascinating bangalore trip places the is the summer heaven of the ruler of mysore tipu sultan the ruler is largely celebrated for the heroics across the battlefield with a large appetite for art and culture the palace is a typical example of the architecture and features sturdy columns along with motifs a perfect example of architecture the palace is the perfect example of architecture .

Name: lal bagh botanical gardens
Location: mavalli.
Entry Fee: inr 20.
lal bagh botanical gardens was built by tipu sultan.Description: lal bagh botanical gardens amandshutterbug for wikimedia commons this botanical garden is one of the most alluring places to visit in bangalore and perhaps all of india .

Name: nandi hills
Location: 1478 above the sea level.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: nandi hills sarangib for pixabay a perfect .

Name: cubbon park sarangib for pixabay
Location: kasturba road.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: cubbon park sarangib for pixabay situated over a sprawling 300 acres of land the park was constructed by richard sankey this massive green park along with lawns deserves a special mention offering statues of famous personalities the park is one among the popular places to visit in bangalore with friends .

Name: national gallery of modern art
Location: 49 gf manikyavelu mansion palace road.
Entry Fee: inr 10 for indians inr 1 for children inr 150.
Description: national gallery of modern art rameshng for wikimedia commons the national gallery for modern art a collection of 500 paintings and a must visit for history lovers housing the works of popular artists including rabindranath tagore jamini roy and others the gallery is a heaven for art lovers .

Name: ulsoor lake
Location: ulsoor lake.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: ulsoor lake ali rizvi for wikimedia commons the picturesque lake is spread over an area of 125 acres and is located in the heart of the city constructed by kempegowda ii the lake offers boating facilities that are provided by the karnataka state tourism development corporation a walking track situated around the lake is among the several places to see in bangalore .

Name: government museum
Location: kasturba road.
Entry Fee: inr 15 indians inr 250.
Description: government museum pp yoonus for wikimedia commons built in the year 1886 the museum houses a few rare collections and represents multiple periods 18 galleries in the museum comprise antique jewellery neolithic finds of varied civilizations and many others serving as one of the most famous places to go in bangalore the museum is a .

Name: cubbon park
Location: 9 00 am to 5 00 pmentry.
Entry Fee: prior permission is required suggested read things to buy in bangalore .
Description: vidhana soudha im3847 for wikimedia commons one of the best examples of indo saracenic and dravidian architecture vidhana soudha is a popular landmark in the garden city its foundation stone was laid by jawaharlal nehru in the year 1951 and was finally completed in the year 1956 the largest legislative building in india is situated close by to cubbon park that offers the opportunity to tourists to visit the two popular bangalore sightseeing places at a go .

Name: krishna rajan market
Location: tharagupet bengalurutimings morning hoursentry .
Entry Fee: No.
Description: krishna rajan market hiteshhtsharma for pixabay the evergreen and vibrant local market is not only a traveller s delight but also a treat for the photographers the place offers a strikning flower market that offers a variety of spices fresh produce and copper items which makes it one of the most famous markets in bangalore if the colourful senses appeal to you this market is the place to be visit the place during the early morning and experience the colourful market scenario swarmed with crowd .

Name: devanahalli fort
Location: devanahalli.
Entry Fee: No.
devanahalli fort was built by morasu wokkalu family.Description: devanahalli fort dineshkannambadi for wikimedia commons the archaeological site was .

Name: janapada loka
Location: highway state highway 17 ramanagar districttimings.
Entry Fee: inr 10.
Description: janapada loka gopal venkatesan for wikimedia commons janapada loka the folk world in kannada offers a folk setting and is one among the several touristy places in bangalore offering mimics the traditions and culture of the land the establishment features an amalgamation of folk artists which represents the varied cultures of the state janapada loka offers subdivisions such as chitra kuteera and loka mahal .

Name: sankey tank
Location: kodandarampura.
Entry Fee: 10.
Description: sankey tank eric phelps for wikimedia commons a huge tank located in west bangalore serves as one of the popular landmarks of the present while the construction took place in the year 1882 during the wake of the great famine of the tank was built to be the solution for water scarcity the periphery offers a walkway along with benches for visitors to stroll and enjoy the surrounding beauty .

Name: venkatappa art gallery
Location: kasturba road.
Entry Fee: 10 inr.
Description: venkatappa art gallery ananth subray for wikimedia commons the art gallery was built to commemorate the demise of the popular artisan of karnataka k venkatappa the museum displays a sprawling gallery filled with the collections and watercolour works on display the prestigious display offers an archaeological museum which is a home to several artifacts comprising of significant historical value .

Name: attara kacheri for wikimedia commons the entrance of cubbon park
Location: dr ambedkar veedhi.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: attara kacheri for wikimedia commons the entrance of cubbon park houses the red coloured building that was built under the reign of the ruler tipu sultan located opposite to vidhana soudha the state central library building is one among the unique places to visit in bangalore the highlight of the museum comprises a collection of artefacts along with stone carvings that were created back in the 12th century .

Name: wonder la water park
Location: bengaluru karnataka.
Entry Fee: inr 700.
Description: wonder la water park jaseem hamza for wikimedia commons adventure on your mind take your family to wonderla bangalore one of the best amusement parks and places to see in bangalore luring in a large influx of youngsters and families this park is perfect for those who wish to experience an adrenaline rush in a waterpark that is safe and inexpensive at the same time the dry rides of this park are the star attraction here but it s also famous for its numerous water rides and shows and there are about 60 of such rides that you can enjoy here .

Name: commercial street saad faruque
Location: commercial street tasker town bengaluru.
Entry Fee: 2 days.
Description: commercial street saad faruque for wikimedia commons if shopping is what drew you to this city then you must visit commercial street which is known to be one of the best places to visit in bangalore at night for shopping and dining situated in the central business district of bangalore this long street houses a number of shops thrift stores as well as boutiques to cater to both budget shoppers and those looking for a lavish retail experience whether you re looking for branded fashion or just some silk sarees from a local store you ll find it all here and when you re tired of shopping you can sit at one of the streetside eateries and gorge on a plate or two of street food in bangalore .

Name: iskcon temple
Location: hare krishna hill chord.
Entry Fee: nil.
Description: iskcon temple bangalore svpdasa for wikimedia commons tucked in the rajajinagar area of bangalore iskcon temple is among the most revered temples in india dedicated to lord krishna this particular shrine is under the guidance of madhu pandit dasa and also happens to be a cultural complex rather than just a place of worship known to be one of the most respected bangalore tourist places it is also famous for its active involvement in social causes and its contribution to helping people rediscover spirituality and foster growth .

Name: indian theme park
Location: bengaluru karnataka.
Entry Fee: inr 600.
Description: innovative film city rameshng for wikimedia commons the innovative film city in bengaluru happens to be a famous indian theme park situated in bidadi which is just an hour s drive away from the main city of bangalore one of the most popular places to visit near bangalore this place is spread over an enormous area of over 58 acres and is a great place for someone who wishes to see the magical world of cinema up close other than behind the scenes tours and visits to famous sets this place also has plenty of avenues to shop eat and simply walk around and explore .

Name: jawaharlal nehru planetarium
Location: sri t sankey rd high grounds.
Entry Fee: inr 60.
Description: jawaharlal nehru planetarium gpkp for wikimedia commons administered by the bangalore association for science education base the jawaharlal nehru planetarium is among the most intriguing and enlightening places to see in bangalore for not just space enthusiasts but for anyone with a keen mind this popular attraction is visited by kids teachers as well as people fascinated by astronomy and space in large numbers courtesy its interactive ways of learning and imparting knowledge which are rather fun and interesting you can know everything from how stars are formed to what black holes are in the most exciting ways through the use of multimedia techniques making it one of the best places to explore in bangalore .

Name: grips go karting
Location: bengaluru karnataka.
Entry Fee: inr 150.
Description: grips go karting shutterstock there s more to the garden city than meets the eye it has an adventurous side that not many know about grips go karting is one such fantastic place here that offers to adventure enthusiasts and adrenaline junkies in a fun and safe environment racing enthusiasts can just pick a car of their choice and try their skills at one of the most famous adventure sports in bangalore all at a very nominal .

Name: shiva temple
Location: banashankari bengaluru karnataka.
Entry Fee: 150.
Description: shiva temple rameshng for wikimedia commons considered to be one of the most spectacular shiva temples in india shiva temple attracts numerous visitors every day and is among the top religious places to visit in bangalore with family home to stunning statues of lord shiva and lord ganapathi this temple is a major of attraction devotees coming from near and far to offer prayers and seek blessings at this temple the best time to visit the shiva temple is around the festivals like diwali and shivratri when the temple premises are decked up in glittering lights winking at passersby and becomes the host of folk dance and music .

Name: bangalore aquarium
Location: kasturba rd shanthala nagar bengaluru.
Entry Fee: inr 15 suggested read temples in india.
Description: bangalore aquarium ivabalk for pixabay situated in cubbon park bangalore aquarium is among the most famous places to visit in bangalore as well as the aquarium in the country built in 1983 this scenic aquarium has a range of ornamental and exotic fish on display the likes of which include siamese fighters freshwater prawns catla red tail shark goldfish and many more this building has over 80 tanks in total where people can observe bizarre varieties of aquatic flora and fauna like eels horsefish tiger fish angelfish pearl gourami moon tail and more .

Name: hal aerospace museum
Location: hal old airport.
Entry Fee: 50 free.
Description: hal aerospace museum shovon76 for wikimedia commons hal aerospace museum holds a prestigious place in the list of the major places to see in bangalore established with an aim to educate the masses on important aspects like the journey of hal which is among asia s largest and most crucial aeronautical companies this museum is an eminent attraction for young minds as well as those fascinated by india s achievements on the astronomical front it talks of the giant leaps that indian aviation has taken in commercial aspects as well as for the defense sector .

Name: lumbini gardens
Location: outer ring rd nagavara bengaluru karnataka.
Entry Fee: 50.
Description: lumbini gardens marinaphotographyhenna for pixabay this spectacular public park is located on the banks of the nagawara lake in bangalore and is believed to be dedicated to lord buddha while it is not as famous as other parks across south india it is a treat to the eyes nevertheless and one of the best visiting places in bangalore city it s a great place complete with a kid s park boating club attractive fountains stunning statues and some rare plants that add a touch of beauty to its serene landscape whether you choose to take a boat ride with bae or just a refreshing morning walk in its green environs you ll end up falling in love with this verdant space .

Name: m g road
Location: mahatma gandhi road shivajinagar.
Timings: 11 00 am to 1 00 am.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: m g road ashwin kumar for wikimedia commons bangalore sightseeing is incomplete without paying a visit to m g road there perhaps one of the busiest roads there in bangalore this destination is the hub for all the recreational and commercial activities that the younger crowds of bengaluru indulge in this destination is perfect for a weekend shopping spree from traditional handicrafts to cutlery from silk sarees to bone china sets there s everything and anything that can be found here there are also plenty of fantastic restaurants that serve dishes .

Name: bannerghatta national park
Location: bannerghatta rd bannerughatta bengaluru.
Timings: 9 00 am to 4 00 pm.
Entry Fee: 80.
Description: bannerghatta national park sanyambahga at wts wiki voyage for wikimedia commons located a couple of kilometers on the outskirts of bangalore is the bannerghatta national park that is a significant part of bangalore sightseeing there is a large variety of flora and fauna that can be witnessed in this destination spreads over an area of 104 27 sq km this national park is also the first ever butterfly park of the country that was established back in 1971 from a zoo to a forest division from an aquarium to a crocodile farm this reserve forest has plenty to see and be experience .

Name: ub city mall
Location: ashok nagar bengaluru.
Timings: 11 00 am to 11 30 pm.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: ub city mall kailash naik for wikimedia commons for those of you who seek for brands and wish to indulge in some luxury shopping head to the ub city mall this mall is located in the central business district of bangalore and is spread over a whopping 13 acres of land from shopping of clothes to dining this mall offers extensive options to keep ourselves entertained and content louis vuitton rolex burberry jimmy choo estee lauder and canali are a few of the top brands that this mall has to offer it is the top bangalore point of interest for those seeking to get some retail therapy .

Name: play arena pxhere
Location: silverwood regency apartment no 75 central jail road opp near total mall.
Timings: 6 00 am to 9 30 pm.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: play arena pxhere play arena is located a little far from the central part of bangalore but it is one of the most interesting bangalore point of interest this is among the famous spots in bangalore to visit with everyone from adults to the little ones play arena is all about offering you various sports and arcade games to keep you entertained throughout the time you are there table tennis bowling archery and the arcade video games are just a few examples of what to expect when you visit this destination .

Name: the centuries old st mary s basilica
Location: shivaji nagar bengaluru.
Timings: 24 hours.
Entry Fee: 2024.
Description: st mary s basilica tinucherian for wikimedia commons another bangalore point of interest is the centuries old st mary s basilica in the city this basilica was built back in the year 1882 and is now the oldest church covering the floors of bangalore this is the finest example of the architecture from the medieval times the towering facade massive windows made of glass and the serene vibes of this church are worth experiencing this church has the capability of sending one back to the colonial era there are masses and elaborate feasts that take place in september each year and attract devotees from all over the city .

