Name: charminar architecture
Location: charkaman ghansi bazaar.
charminar architecture was built by muhammad quli qutb.Description: charminar architecture serving as a iconic landmark to look forward to charminar is one of the most reckoned structures of all the historical places in india it is indeed one of the places to visit in hyderabad in 1 day for all travelers alike the history of charminar goes back to 1500s originally built as a mosque the glorious charminar stands as an epitome of art and architecture in the heart of the city also it is a must for the food lovers to relish some of the best hyderabad street food near charminar here are the details about charminar this is amongst the best things to do in hyderabad in winter .

Name: golkonda fort
Location: khair complex ibrahim bagh hyderabadtimings.
golkonda fort was built by fort.Description: golkonda fort an archeological gem if you are looking for popular places in hyderabad you can not miss golkonda fort a treasure in the chest of hyderabad the archaeological survey of india considers the golkonda fort as an archaeological gem which is also one of best night places to visit in hyderabad a former capital of the qutb shahi dynasty this citadel now serves as one of the famous picnic spots in hyderabad an architectural masterpiece of all times it is a strict no no to miss out on this fort of all the hyderabad attractions .

Name: mecca masjid
Location: charminar ghansi bazaar.
mecca masjid was built by muhammad quli qutb shahbuilt.Description: mecca masjid a heritage site a religious site by nature mecca or makkah masjid happens to be one of the oldest places to see in hyderabad listed as one of the top heritage sites in india the masjid got its name after the bricks that were brought for construction from the famous city of mecca in saudi arabia standing tall at a height of 23 meters this fascinating masjid is not only the most spectacular places to visit in hyderabad india but also one of the largest mosques in india .

Name: qutb shahi tombs
Location: qutub shahi tombs hyderabad.
Entry Fee: 5 per child.
qutb shahi tombs was built by qutb shahi.Description: qutb shahi tombs marvel at the persian architecture located within the premises of ibrahim bagh the qutb shahi tombs is reckoned to be one of the most historical places in hyderabad as it houses the tombs of all the seven rulers of qutub shahi dynasty casting a magical spell on the visitors with its grandeur travelers will surely be charmed to witness the tombs that strike a perfect balance between the indian and persian style of architecture .

Name: hussain sagar lake
Location: hyderabad center.
Entry Fee: 5 per personboat.
hussain sagar lake was built by ibrahim quli qutb.Description: hussain sagar lake mesmerizing views considered to be one of the largest lakes in the heart of the city hussain sagar lake is one of the most romantic places to visit in hyderabad city for couples other than offering majestic views of the massive buddha statue located in middle of the lake one can also enjoy boating and parasailing activities that also makes it one of the most happening places to visit in hyderabad at night .

Name: ramoji film city
Location: anaspur village.
ramoji film city was built by ramoji.Description: ramoji film city paradise for movie buffs ever heard that big surprises come in small packages well ramoji film city sure does live upto that expression it not only is one of the famous tourist places in hyderabad but also holds a guinness world book record for being a home to more than 50 film sets at a single .

Name: nehru zoological park
Location: zoo park main road.
Entry Fee: 20 per adult.
nehru zoological park was built by telanganabuilt.Description: nehru zoological park befriend various species a home to about 1500 odd animals across various species nehru zoological park is one of the must visit attractions on a hyderabad city tour spread across an area of about 380 acres it also happens to be one of the largest zoos in india surprised much .

Name: snow world
Location: lake view hotel.
snow world was built by nitish roybuilt.Description: snow world have some snowy fun considered to be hyderabad attractions snow world is an unique amusement park located in the heart of the city and right next to the hussain sagar lake spread across a land of about 2 acres snow world promises a day amidst the snow for friends families and all travelers alike the snow world ticket price is inr 500 onwards .

Name: lumbini park
Location: opposite secretariat new gate khairatabad hyderabad.
Timings: weekdays 7 15 pm weekends 7 15 pm and 8 30 pmfamous.
lumbini park was built by hyderabad urban development authoritybuilt.Description: lumbini park refresh your senses a modern urban park located at the core of the city lumbini park is one of the refreshing night best places to visit in hyderabad for couples letting the locals unwind after a tiring day and entertaining the travelers with the magical light and sound show the park is dedicated to lord buddha and is named after lumbini of nepal .

Name: birla mandir
Location: hill fort rd ambedkar colony.
birla mandir was built by g d birlabuilt in 1966tip since it s a temple.Description: birla mandir seek solace spread across a land that measures about 13 acres and perched high on a hill at a height of around birla mandir is one of the famous religious places to visit in hyderabad in 2 days popular amongst the hindu population and all travelers across the country it is set on a hillock called naubat pahad and was inaugurated by swami ranganathananda himself who runs the ramakrishna mission .

Name: salar jung museum
Location: darushifa.
salar jung museum was built by mir yousuf ali khanbuilt.Description: salar jung museum a national treasure renowned to be one of the largest and one amongst the only three national museums in india salar jung museum is one of the best places to visit in hyderabad that is dedicated to every form of art enjoying a favored .

Name: nehru centenary tribal museum
Location: hyderabad.
nehru centenary tribal museum was built by natip photography is not allowed inside the museum.Description: nehru centenary tribal museum cultural mirror portraying the beauty of different cultures traditions customs and lifestyle of the various local tribes of andhra pradesh the nehru centenary tribal museum is one of those hyderabad attractions that unites all the locals of the city while hill reddy bagata and kondareddy are some of the main tribes that are being represented here the museum is one of the best places to visit in hyderabad to learn more about the heritage and history of hyderabad and its people .

Name: chowmahalla palace
Location: motigalli khilwat hyderabad.
chowmahalla palace was built by nizam salabat jungbuilt in 1750.Description: chowmahalla palace adorned with grandeur as it is popularly known as chowmahallatuu among the locals the fascinating chowmahalla palace is undoubtedly one of the best best places to visit in hyderabad for couples that manifests the real essence of nizam s culture having served as the royal residence of the nizams and the royal seat of asaf jahi dynasty in the bygone era the chowmahalla palace is one of the most famous palaces in india it continues to impress the travelers with the grandeur and rich historical past .

Name: ntr gardens
Location: ntr marg central secretariat khairatabad.
Entry Fee: 15 per adult.
ntr gardens was built by government of andhra pradeshbuilt.Description: ntr gardens a lush escapade of all the places to visit in hyderabad ntr gardens is comparatively a newest addition to the family of tourist attractions in the city dedicated and built in the memory of late shri n t rama rao a visit to the lush ntr gardens is a must for those who re in search for a place to revive their mind body and soul .

Name: shilparamam
Location: jubilee enclave hitech city near cyber towers.
Entry Fee: 40 per adult.
shilparamam was built by nabuilt in 1998.Description: shilparamam idyllic village a quaint little village shilparamam is one of the best tourist places in hyderabad which is dedicated to arts handicrafts and culture putting up a lot of cultural and traditional shows for the visitors and all travelers shilparamam is built on a village theme which also houses a museum as well as a lake inside also for when you visit this gorgeous attraction do not miss out on treating your taste buds to authentic awadhi cuisines at sahib s barbeque which is one of the best restaurants in hyderabad .

Name: jalavihar
Location: necklace road hussain sagar hyderabad.
jalavihar was built by rama rajubuilt.Description: jalavihar a splash of fun one of the most visited places in hyderabad located at the necklace road jalavihar is one of the popular and best water parks in hyderabad which is a perfect place for the families and kids it has varied options for entertainment within its boundaries from the water rides like the mini aqua trailers and tilt bucket to the various options of dry rides this place makes a great place to head towards with kids jalavihar ticket price is inr 350 per person .

Name: birla planetarium fusion of entertainment science birla planetarium
Location: near birla temple ambedkar colony hyderabad.
birla planetarium fusion of entertainment science birla planetarium was built by singaravelubuilt.Description: birla planetarium fusion of entertainment science birla planetarium ranks among the most modern planetariums in the country located at the naubat pahad in the heart of hyderabad established in the year of 1985 this is one of the popular sightseeing places in the city which is not only favourite amongst the children but also the adults this was the first phase of the birla science centre which was indeed a landmark in terms of innovation and bridging the gap between common masses and the science .

Name: nizam s museum
Location: pathar gatti.
Entry Fee: 15 child inr 80.
nizam s museum was built by mir momenbuilt.Description: purani haveli exuding royalty purani haveli is a beautifully built european style architecture which was built in the 19th century by the peshwa of mohammed quli qutub shah it is crafted in a complex with only a single storied central building one of the top places to visit in hyderabad in 2 days this heritage building was acquired by asaf jha ii and in the 18th century it was renovated by the nizam of hyderabad currently this haveli is converted into a nizam s museum where various artefacts are preserved .

Name: laad bazaar
Location: char kaman ghansi bazaar.
laad bazaar was built by mohammad quli qutub.Description: laad bazaar vibrant market sourcesituated close to charminar laad bazaar is a place famous for bangles and many other traditional items which makes it a shopper s paradise stretched across on four roads which starts from charminar and spreads across at least one kilometre this market showcases the living heritage of the city and it is believed that this market exists since the time of qutub shahis and era of nizams and now it is one of the major places to shop bangles made of lacquer or laad from where the name has been derived it is arguably one of the most beautiful places in hyderabad .

Name: the secret lake
Location: road number 46 masthan nagar cbi colony jubilee hills.
the secret lake was built by mohammad quli qutub.Description: durgam cheruvu serene lake one of the best places to see in hyderabad durgam cheruvu is a hidden lake located just close to the city the lake stands hidden between an amalgamation of granite rocks hence this is also called the secret lake spread across an area of 63 acres the lake is surrounded by many rocks which are around 2500 million years old according to the locals the water of the lake was also used for drinking in the golconda fort one can indulge into various activities like pedal boating camping as well as trekking around the lake .

Name: chilkur balaji temple
Location: chanda nagar village.
chilkur balaji temple was built by hyderabad.Description: chilkur balaji temple radiating divinity located around 30 kms from the main city of hyderabad the chilkur balaji temple is an ancient temple situated at a small village named chilkur resting at the banks of osman sagar lake this temple is commonly called the visa balaji temple this is quite a popular temple at the outskirts of the city where hundreds of devotees arrive every year with their wishes .

Name: taj falaknuma palace
Location: hyderabad.
taj falaknuma palace was built by william mard marretbuilt.Description: taj falaknuma palace embellished with opulence often called the mirror of the sky taj falaknuma palace is a magnificent architecture which stands at a height of high hill located just 5 kms away from charminar this majestic palace was .

Name: gandipet lake experience tranquillity gandipet lake
Location: ranga reddy district.
gandipet lake experience tranquillity gandipet lake was built by hyderabadi nizam mir osman ali khan.Description: gandipet lake experience tranquillity gandipet lake is the main reservoir of the twin cities hyderabad and secunderabad the lake is spread across a region of 46 kms this was .

Name: mount opera is an exciting and entertaining water park
Location: atop a hill.
mount opera is an exciting and entertaining water park was built by shivam.Description: mount opera loaded with fun mount opera is an exciting and entertaining water park located in the main city of hyderabad just 4 kms away from the ramoji film city this place is a great escape for a family day out located at a hilltop this water park offers exciting activities like boating rain dance and discotheque which makes the night more thrilling .

Name: paigah tombs
Location: qalandar nagar.
paigah tombs was built by nawab taig jung.Description: paigah tombs stunning architecture the paigah tombs reflects the beautiful blend of asaf jah and rajputi style in its architecture located just 10 kms away from the charminar these tombs are a perfect example of the architecture built of marble and with mesmerizing interiors the tombs also showcases the beautiful jaali work at the windows .

Name: taramati baradari
Location: ramdev guda ibrahim bagh hyderabad.
taramati baradari was built by ibrahim quli qutub.Description: taramati baradari majestic interiors taramati baradari is located outside the golconda fort on the gandipet road this is one of the most popular historic places in hyderabad and comprises of a music hall with 12 entrances the legendary artists taramathi used to perform here it is said that taramati and premamati were the most popular artists during the reign of abdullah qutub shah .

Name: tank bund
Location: hyderabad and secunderabad.
tank bund was built by hazrat hussain shah walibuilt.Description: tank bund a refreshing evening escape tank bund connects hyderabad to secunderpur and is a popular hangout spot located in the city the place showcases mesmerizing view of the majestic hussain sagar lake with a monolith of buddha in the centre the entire area of tank bund comprises 33 bronze statues of popular figures including nannaya tikkana erra pragada shri krishna devaraya and many more .

Name: lumbini park
Location: hyderabadtimings.
lumbini park was built by nabuilt.Description: necklace road prepossessing views inspired by the queen s necklace of mumbai this amazing necklace road stretches for over 3 km connecting ntr gardens lumbini park and sanjeevaiah park the shape of this road is like a necklace and the surrounding hussain sagar lake beautifies this road don t forget to drive thru this stunning road while staying in hyderabad for a perfect vacation .

Name: sanghi temple
Location: hyderabad.
sanghi temple was built by sanghi groupbuilt.Description: sanghi temple seek blessings sanghi temple is a beautiful temple which is nearly 25 km away from hyderabad and is dedicated to lord venkateshwara located on the paramanand giri this temple exhibits the architectural style of the the temple complex also comprise temples of other hindu deities including parvathy ganesha rama etc the garden next to the temple is known for the vibrant collection of floras .

Name: kbr national park
Location: road number 2 jubilee hills.
kbr national park was built by prince azam jahbuilt.Description: kbr national park for nature lovers kbr national park is one of the largest national parks in telangana and exhibits a vibrant collection of flora and fauna from lush green environment to the energetic chirping of the birds this astounding national park is truly a delight for .

Name: wonderla amusement park
Location: outer ring rd exit no 13 ravirala hyderabad.
wonderla amusement park was built by wonderla holidaysbuilt.Description: wonderla amusement park an exhilarating experience one of the best places to visit in hyderabad is wonderla amusement park where you can enjoy multiple fun rides one can easily spend an entire day at wonderla with your friends and family the atmosphere is cheerful and happening people are high on fun if you do not have a fear of heights then you should definitely come to this place on your trip to hyderabad .

Name: sudha s car museum
sudha s car museum was built by k sudhakarbuilt.Description: sudha s car museum intriguing handmade cars sudha s car museum is not an unusual place to visit if you like cars and automobiles it is one of the most amazing places to see in hyderabad where you will find a number of handmade cars on display you will also find information like the year of manufacture and cost of every exhibit the museum was started by kanyaboyina sudhakar who had an interest in cars since childhood the museum was opened in 2010 and has been attracting car enthusiasts ever since bahadurpura x road aphb colony bahadurpura west hyderabad telangana 500064timings am pmfamous for it is famous for its impeccable collection of vintage cars .

Name: sri jagannath temple
Location: banjara hills.
sri jagannath temple was built by odia community.Description: sri jagannath temple fascinating infrastructure one of the most beautiful tourist spots in hyderabad is sri jagannath temple it is a modern temple located in banjara hills the temple is .

Name: nizam s museum
Location: purani haveli pathar gatti hyderabad.
nizam s museum was built by nawab mir mahoob ali.Description: nizam s museum depicting luxury if you are visiting charminar then you should make a stop by nizam s museum that is located in the heart of purani haveli get an insight into the royal life of nizam of hyderabad and how lavishly he lived you will find artifacts and articles from his life on display from the fancy clothes to utensils nizam sure knew how to live a life of luxury and opulence it is one of the most famous places in hyderabad to visit on your trip .

Name: aarti
Location: nampally station road.
aarti was built by bhaktivedanta swami srila.Description: iskcon temple sparkling with spirituality iskcon temple are known for being beautiful and spiritual all over the world if iskcon is your home for spirituality then you will find one in nampally region in hyderabad the beautiful idols of sri sri jagannatha and sri radha are so beautiful to look at don t forget to attend the aarti because it is one of the most beautiful experiences it is one of the best places to visit in hyderabad in evening .

Name: madina market
Location: patel market rikab gunj ghansi bazaar.
madina market was built by nabuilt.Description: madina market every shopaholic s dream madina market is a textile market in hyderabad and if you are looking to shop for clothes then this is where you should head on your trip to the city it is a great place to buy items at wholesale prices .

Name: paigah palace
Location: begumpet hyderabad.
paigah palace was built by paigah nobeleman sir.Description: paigah palace marvellous architecture the paigah family came next in hierarchy to the ruling family of nizams the paigahs were also the first palace builders of hyderabad paigah palace was .

Name: gvk one mall
Location: balapur basthi banjara hills.
gvk one mall was built by gvk groupbuilt in 1 may 2009.Description: gvk one mall fun one of the best places to visit in hyderabad for shopping is gvk one mall spread over an area of 3 5 lakh square feet this is a spectacular mall which is located in the posh area of hyderabad banjara hills so if you are planning to shop while in hyderabad to check out this stunning mall .

Name: osman sagar lake
Location: ranga reddy district.
osman sagar lake was built by mir osman ali khanbuilt.Description: osman sagar lake views one of the best tourist places in hyderabad is osman sagar lake the lake not only offers picturesque views and experience but is also surrounded by famous entertainment sources like treasure island and ocean park which make it a destination .

Name: nagarjuna sagar dam
Location: guntur district.
nagarjuna sagar dam was built by muktyalabuilt.Description: nagarjuna sagar dam views this is one of the world s largest dams whose sight will leave you jaw dropped the dam has as many as 26 dates and is 14m tall it is surrounded by lush greenery which makes it one of the best tourist places in hyderabad the people visit the dam to marvel at its magnificence and magnanimous structure .

Name: inorbit mall
Location: vadodara malad mumbai.
inorbit mall was built by k raheja corporation.Description: inorbit mall for shopping fun if you are done with sightseeing in hyderabad then head to this mall inorbit mall is one of the biggest malls in hyderabad which is home to n number of brands eateries and recreational activities it is listed amongst places to visit in hyderabad so make sure you visit it during your trip .

Name: peddamma temple stunning architecture peddamma temple
Location: jagadish nagar begumpet hyderabad.
peddamma temple stunning architecture peddamma temple was built by janardhan reddybuilt.Description: peddamma temple stunning architecture peddamma temple is one of the most beautiful places to see in hyderabad where you can make your wishes and seek prayers the temple offers architectural beauty and peaceful atmosphere if you are looking for peace and tranquility then this is among the best places to visit in hyderabad .

Name: sri rama chandra swamy temple
Location: nagarguda shamshabad.
sri rama chandra swamy temple was built by vengi kingsbuilt.Description: sri rama chandra swamy temple an ancient temple another religious place to visit in hyderabad is sri rama chandra swamy temple which is located in the serene village of ammapali the temple is believed to be 800 years old and has played a significant role in the history of the area the monument of the temple is believed to be older than the golconda fort and exhibits rajasthani styles architecture that comprises a step well and gopuram this is among the best hyderabad tourist places .

Name: charminar bazaar
Location: laad bazaar road.
Description: charminar bazaar explore the charm one of the finest hyderabad tourist spots we welcome you to one of the most affordable markets that sits every sunday where you can shop loads even with a restricted budget the bazaar carries a distinctive character that clearly demarcates the nizami influence of the city be it the items that are sold or the street food you will feel the charm of an much like the markets of chandni chowk in delhi get the fresh aroma of kebabs irani chai the glittery glass bangles and everything that excites a budget shopaholic the certain culture makes it one of the best places to visit in hyderabad with friends .

Name: begum bazaar
Location: afzal gunj hyderabad.
Description: begum bazaar relish the vibrant aura begum bazaar is the biggest commercial market in hyderabad located close to the old city the market is mostly flocked by locals citing retail and wholesale items for home yes it s true that it might not top the list of top hyderabad tourist spots yet there is some charm in it the market also has one of the second largest fish markets in hyderabad .

Name: waterpark
Location: shankarpalli rd.
Description: ocean park for a good time welcome to the sprawling waterpark quite popular as one of the top hyderabad tourist spots for its recreational capability expect a full day of entertainment and fun while the cool water in summers gushes past you the park is segmented into 2 sections an entire area is dedicated towards water sports and while another area is solely reserved for amusement games hands down this is one of the best hyderabad sightseeing options if you are travelling with family and also one of the most sought after places to visit in summer in hyderabad .

Name: hyderabad botanical gardens
Location: kothaguda reserve forest gachibowli road.
Description: botanical garden nature s splendour every major city in india has a botanical garden and hyderabad can not be far behind after all there are many reasons to love hyderabad be it the tourist attractions culture the street food or affordable shopping destinations the hyderabad botanical gardens is one such open area you will definitely desire to visit citing the rejuvenation appeal the land of the garden is protected by the kothaguda reserve forest area spread across a massive 120 acres this is the place to be in hyderabad after a tiring day at office or if you like to relax within the greenery .

Name: moazzam jahi market
Location: jn road chandra vihar.
Description: moazzam jahi market reflecting hyderabad s culture another place in the city which clearly indicates the style and grandeur of the nizam s is the moazzam jahi market the market is mostly known for selling fruits in the beginning now has almost everything you can expect from a market including vegetables groceries flowers earthen pots dry fruits and ittar the market was once a place that might have helped make it to the top hyderabad sightseeing destinations but since the 1980s it has been dismantled and the several specialties have been shifted to other markets still it stands tall and is one of ideal places to visit in hyderabad with friends .

Name: tourist attractions
Location: nagarjuna sagar dambuilt.
Description: nalgonda an ancient city sumukh teja vanamala for wikimedia commons an ideal place for history buffs nalgonda is an ancient city located near hyderabad with pristine waterfall cascades and ancient forts this city is one of the best places in hyderabad for an enriching historic tour and memorable experience it is to be noted that nalgonda is as ancient as the palaeolithic age and is home to an array of popular tourist attractions undeniably it is one of the best tourist places near hyderabad .

Name: mecca masjid
Location: 98 km away from hyderabad.
mecca masjid was built by nabuilt in natip visit this place from .Description: mahabubnagar haven for history buffs naidugari jayanna for wikimedia commons a popular historical destination near hyderabad mahabubnagar is known as the land of chola dynasty one of the most ancient places in south india the city is a haven for history lovers with a plethora of historic sites and tourist attractions such jama masjid medina masjid and mecca masjid this city is a place near hyderabad .

Name: jewel of nizam
Location: sagarmahal complex.
Description: jewel of nizam the minar dine around opulence dipped in royalty this luxurious dining place is for the ones who wish to indulge in a lavish dining experience and treat their taste palettes it s a perfect haven for couples as well as families wanting to be pampered by rich cuisines along with a ambiance the marvelous entries will definitely make one fall for this wonderful place .

Name: paradise biryani biryani
Location: paradise circle hyderabad.
Description: paradise biryani biryani lovers sweet retreat all the biryani lovers this is the place to be offering the most delicious biryani in hyderabad is this paradise biryani which speaks volumes of its traditional values apart from offering hyderabadi it services various other cuisines as well that definitely worth a try the chefs here make sure to lend each dish an authentic taste frequently visited by both locals as well as tourists this eatery should be visited by all the gastronomes .

Name: kismet a party animals den
Location: the park hotel 22 1st floor raj bhavan road.
Description: kismet a party animals den one of the best tourist places in hyderabad kismet is the ultimate stop for all party lovers with the lively ambiance accompanied by some toothsome meals and drinks to die for this place will let you enter into a different world altogether especially if you wish to enjoy the nightlife of hyderabad this place very well deserves your visit be it the music staff lights atmosphere foods or drinks everything here is upto the mark and that is why it is one of the places in hyderabad .

Name: coco s bar and grill
Location: plot 217 opposite kbr park.
Description: coco s bar and grill for soothing all senses boasting a cozy and quaint ambiance this place is ideal for casual dining with friends and family from italian to north indian and from continental to chinese you will find all the common cuisines here lived by the visitors with a separate bar space as well as smoke space it makes a great spot for individuals to hang out and chill moreover the live music over the rooftop area enhances its overall charm .

Name: amnesia lounge bar and club
Location: poombarai village.
Description: amnesia lounge bar and club for ultimate culinary experience yet another place for live entertainment and oodles of relaxation amnesia lounge bar and club is one of the most visited places in hyderabad you can treat your tastebuds with varied cuisines including chinese american continental italian and north indian while bragging about amazing night music zealous dj and refreshing cocktails and mocktails this place leaves no stone unturned to give its visitors an ultimate refreshing time .
