Name: minicoy island go for a boat ride
Location: lakshadweep.
Entry Fee: uttarakhand tour package.
Description: minicoy island go for a boat ride the island also called miliku is one of the most prominent parts of the lakshadweep islands the island is the central hub for all plans to lakshadeep or it s sister islands locked on the southwest side of the archipelago sprinkled with many great attractions great for lakshadweep sightseeing it has an lighthouse and many beaches so if you are looking for a captivating place to go sightseeing in lakshadweep minicoy island is a .

Name: lakshadweep tourist places is kadmat island
Location: lakshadweep.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: kadmat island relish delicious local food another one of the popular lakshadweep tourist places is kadmat island this coral island has a vibrant marine life the island is scarcely populated and makes for a great quiet getaway since it is rich in marine life the primary of income here is fishing it s also a great spot to try some of the locally cooked catch this island is famous for snorkeling and diving .

Name: kavaratti island
Location: kavaratti.
Entry Fee: honeymoon in lakshadweep.
Description: kavaratti island witness mesmerizing sunsets the white sand and beautiful sunsets make this island one of the best places to see in lakshadweep this peaceful lagoon has a surprising amount of greenery and plantations kavaratti is the ideal getaway for nature lovers each year the city attracts hundreds of foreign tourists who just sit back and enjoy the scenery kavaratti island is among the marvellous visiting places in lakshadweep due to its serene aura and euphoric vibe .

Name: marine museum
Location: kavaratti.
Entry Fee: inr 15 things to do seek information on marine life.
Description: marine museum have an encounter with the underwater world this is where one can witness some of the wealthiest showcases of marine life and artefacts marine museum is among the appealing places to visit in lakshadweep island as it educates the masses about the importance of aquatic life and has a breathtaking view one can see distinct species of fish here there is a shark skeleton here which is one of the most adored installations do add this museum to your list of places to visit in lakshadweep .

Name: pitti bird sanctuary
Location: pitti island.
Entry Fee: goa.
Description: pitti bird sanctuary spot some birds while staying on kalpeni island you can take a smaller boat to head to pitti island this is a small secluded island located in the middle of nowhere the island is clean and beautiful this dead coral island is among the amazing tourist destinations in lakshadweep islands as it is not only a great spot to go snorkelling but is also home to the most indigenous marine life you can also choose to take a walk by the beach and spend quality time at this one of the most celebrated tourist attractions in lakshadweep please ensure you make all the bookings before heading there as the options for accommodations are limited .

Name: lakshadweep
Location: lakshadweep.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: thinnakara island for beautiful lagoons thinnakara island is one of the lakshadweep attractions located at a boat ride from agatti the island is the central hub for water sports and adventure it feels like a private island with minimal hotels some even say that there are only twenty rooms on the whole island so one must book beforehand the beautiful lagoons and flawless coast make it a perfect spot for solo travellers who are looking for the best places to visit in lakshadweep .

Name: kalpeni island
Location: kalpeni lakshadweep.
Entry Fee: agatti island.
Description: kalpeni island take a relaxing stroll this island is a popular ship trip from kerala since there are no privately run resorts here it s essential to book your accommodation beforehand the highlights here are the food and fresh catch the lack of foreign tourist permits makes this a slightly unpopular choice but this works to your advantage if you are looking for secluded regions and the most serene lakshadweep tourist places on your travel to lakshadweep do not miss out on adding this gem to your itinerary as you may have immense fun here like nowhere else .

Name: bangaram atoll
Location: lakshadweep.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: bangaram atoll the island this island is often referred to as a paradise the island is easily considered one of the best places to visit in lakshadweep as it is filled with activities for both nature lovers and adventure fanatics people typically spend around days here to absorb the quiet and calm before heading back to their regular lives the clean blue waters give a sense of liberation like none other the reason this island is so popular with travellers is that this is the only island where the sales and consumption of alcohol are permitted however if you are here during the the odds of this limited alcohol are also grim so while adding the best tourist places in lakshadweep do not forget to add bangaram atoll to your list .

Name: agatti island
Location: agatti lakshadweep.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: agatti island for smoked tuna fish and more this island is one of the most accessible spots in the region as it has an airport that hosts weekly flights from kochi airport from the airport the lagoon beach is a drive make sure you try the local food and the dried or smoked tuna fish when in the agatti islands this island has many food options even if you are a vegetarian there are many homestays and hotels to choose from it is also home to some of the most prominent lakshadweep tourist spots .

Name: kiltan island
Location: kiltan island.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: kiltan island the colonial spot most traveled from the seaport of mangalore this island is known for its many spots with colonial prominence the city was a point on the trade route between ceylon and the persian gulf this place is located 52 kilometres from the main island of amini the island is home to many stunning reefs and lagoons that lakshadweep has to offer .

Name: amini beach
Location: lakshadweep.
Entry Fee: lakshadweep.
Description: amini beach for scuba diving and more amini beach is an incredible spot for people who are looking for serene tourist places in lakshadweep located in amini island this beach is popular as it is covered with coral sandstone you can try various adventurous activities like snorkeling scuba diving reef walking and kayaking amini beach is perfect for relaxing and spending a day while basking in the sun and sipping cocktails .

Name: andrott island
Location: lakshadweep time required hours .
Entry Fee: 6285 5719.
Description: andrott island for the history enthusiasts andrott island is one of the largest islands in lakshadweep and is known for the saint ubaidullah tomb in the jumaat mosque you can spot octopuses and other marine creatures on this island andrott island is one of the best places to visit in lakshadweep if you are a history buff andrott island is also famous for the ancient buddhist ruins found here .
