Name: gateway of india gateway of india
Location: apollo bandar colaba.
Description: gateway of india gateway of india is the icon of mumbai city and one of the most popular places to visit in mumbai built in the year 1924 this grand monument was raised to celebrate the arrival of king george v s and queen mary in india for the first time however this place also has a national significance as the british troops finally departed from here in 1947 presently a centre of evening strolls relaxation and weekend outings gateway of india receives thousands of tourists and locals every day the view of the arabian sea and boat sailing across and the mesmerizing view of sunset make everyone come back here again and again .

Name: chhatrapati shivaji terminus
Location: chhatrapati shivaji maharaj terminus fort.
Description: chhatrapati shivaji terminus chhatrapati shivaji terminus is an important landmark of the city and the display of a blend of victorian gothic structure and indian architecture has made it one of the tourist places in mumbai previously known as victoria terminus this is the busiest and biggest railway station in mumbai but its incredibly pretty structure has made it a sight to behold .

Name: elephanta caves
Location: gharapuri.
Description: elephanta caves accessible by ferries from gateway of india elephanta caves are one of the prime attractions of mumbai these are a series of rock cut caves segregated into buddhist and hindu sections the hindu segment is dedicated to lord shiva the beauty and intrinsic carvings leave everyone in awe and have aptly placed elephanta caves as one of the world s heritage sites by unesco and as one of the spectacular places to see in mumbai reaching the caves is not a problem as there are regular ferry services every half an hour from the gateway of india .

Name: juhu chowpatty
Location: mumbai maharashtra.
Description: juhu chowpatty for a refreshing evening and blissful weekend juhu chowpatty has no match probably this is one of the best places to visit in mumbai with friends to chill out and taste some authentic mumbai delicacies this is one of the most visited beaches in mumbai where you can dip your feet in sea water watch the sunset relish pav bhaji paani puri and vada pav and create an awesome memory of an evening in mumbai .

Name: queen s necklace
Location: netaji subhash chandra bose road.
Description: marine drive if we are talking about juhu chowpatty as one among the famous places in mumbai might as well include marine drive on the same list stretching from nariman point in the north to chowpatty beach in the south marine drive is a spectacular road along the coast the promenade of the marine drive is broad and clean thus ideal for evening strolls jogging and chilling out after sunset the view of the entire marine drive sparkling with street lights looks dazzling the stunning stretch of marine drive popularly known as queen s necklace is surely one of the top places to visit in mumbai at night .

Name: haji ali dargah haji ali dargah
Location: mumbai maharashtraopening.
haji ali dargah haji ali dargah was built by pir haji ali shah bukhari.Description: haji ali dargah haji ali dargah is one of the holy places in mumbai ideal for peace seekers and those who are in search of solace a beautiful tomb and a mosque haji ali dargah is one of the n famous places in mumbai not only among islam followers but among everyone .

Name: shri siddhivinayak mandir
Location: sk bole marg prabhadevi mumbai maharashtra.
Description: shri siddhivinayak mandir situated in prabhadevi siddhivinayak is a gorgeous temple dedicated to lord ganesha every year millions of devotees come here to offer prayers and worship the lord making it at par with the tourist places in mumbai during ganesh chaturthi festival in september the temple overflows with devotees visiting from all over india the architecture and wooden carvings of the door and inner ceiling look attractive and beautiful .

Name: chhatrapati shivaji
Location: mahatma gandhi road kala ghoda fort.
Description: chhatrapati shivaji maharaj vastu sangrahalaya housing is one of the heritage buildings of the city this museum was initiated by the prince of wales on 11th november 1905 formerly known as prince of wales museum this place displays exclusive and stunning collections of ancient artwork vintage sculptures and artifacts traditional textiles utensils coins and weapons are also displayed and the recent addition is a special gallery dedicated to lord krishna this is one of the most prestigious museums of india displaying india s traditions and heritage if you are planning to see famous places in mumbai chhatrapati shivaji maharaj vastu sangrahalaya should be on your list .

Name: chor bazaar
Location: grant road south mumbai.
Description: chor bazaar renowned as one of the most buzzing flea markets of india chor bazaar in mumbai has a lovely charm originally it was known as shor bazaar because of constant noise and clutter but due to mispronunciation by the british people the market was colloquially called chor bazaar famed for classic antique and vintage items furniture rooms décor and household staff chor bazaar is a must include in the list of unique places to see in mumbai .

Name: essel world
Location: mumbai maharashtra.
Description: essel world spread over 64 acres essel world is one of the most popular amusement parks in mumbai with exhilarating rides water slides merry go rounds play pools and roller coasters essen world looks like a wonderland and counted as one of the exciting places to visit in mumbai for kids offering ultimate fun thrill and excitement essel world is the best weekend retreat to with family and friends .

Name: prithvi theatre
Location: 20 janki kutir juhu church.
prithvi theatre was built by shashi kapoor.Description: prithvi theatre .

Name: national gallery of modern art
Location: mahatma gandhi road fort.
Description: national gallery of modern art the national gallery of modern art is known for its diverse collection of art sculptures and architecture of various renowned artists all over the country the place also displays various relics and items of ancient civilisations one can visit this place to see these amazing collections or experience outstanding exhibitions organised regularly .

Name: sanjay gandhi national park
Location: western express hwy borivali east mumbai.
Description: sanjay gandhi national park if you love thrills and adventure a visit to sanjay gandhi national park is a must spread over 87 sq km this is the closest national park to mumbai city established in 1996 featuring luxuriant forest land lake and wildlife sanjay gandhi national park has gained tremendous popularity amongst adventure lovers and has secured a place in the league of best places to visit in mumbai with friends enjoy forest hikes trekking boating tiger and lion safari and hike to kanheri caves located within the national park .

Name: veer mata jijabai bhosale udyan
Location: 91a lalbaug flyover.
Description: mumbai zoo one of the most amazing places to visit in mumbai for kids mumbai zoo is originally known as veer mata jijabai bhosale udyan and zoo located in rani baug and spread over 50 acres of land this is the oldest public garden in mumbai and the host of wild animals birds and reptiles have made it an exciting place to be this is the only zoo in mumbai and kids as well as adults feel exhilarated to visit and see lions tigers monkeys crocodiles elephants and giraffes etc .

Name: sri sri radha rasabihari ji temple
Location: hare krishna land.
Description: iskcon temple sri sri radha rasabihari ji temple popular as iskcon temple is one of the most popular and most beautiful hindu temples in mumbai located in the chowpatty region this temple was raised on 4 acres of land in 1978 and is dedicated to lord krishna and radha this is surely one of the most places to visit in navi mumbai for peace and prayer millions of devotees visit this temple to worship and to meditate in absolute tranquillity .

Name: girgaum chowpatty
Location: mumbai maharashtraopening.
Description: girgaum chowpatty one of the top places to visit in mumbai for couples girgaum chowpatty should be on your itinerary while holidaying there it is a little beach that is perfect to chill with friends or family it offers scenic views and refreshing vibes that will definitely uplift your spirits walking on the cool sands will help you escape all the woes in life .

Name: bandra worli sea link
Location: mahim bay maharashtra.
Description: bandra worli sea link this sea link is one of the best places to see in mumbai and that is because the bridge stands as the proof of mastery of the engineers of the city apart from that it offers panoramic views of the coastal city you will be able to witness the azure waters of the bay of mahim through the bridge take your car through the bridge and keep your windows open to let the cool breeze come in and savour the views .

Name: film city
Location: aarey colony.
Description: film city you haven t visited mumbai if you haven t visited the film city it is the home of bollywood and one of the most famous places to see in mumbai all the movies you watch do have at least one set made in the city almost 1000 movies have been shot here if you did not get a chance to watch any shooting ever then this is your chance to do it .

Name: global vipassana pagoda
Location: esselworld.
Description: global vipassana pagoda while in mumbai if you are looking for a peaceful place then this is the one global vipassana pagoda is a meditation hall where as many as 8000 devotees can meditate the architecture of the hall is in itself unique and will grab your attention the pagoda sits on the peninsula on the arabian sea keep it on your itinerary so that you don t miss out on such a nice place .

Name: mahalaxmi temple
Location: west cumballa hill.
Description: mahalaxmi temple one of the oldest temples and the best places to visit in mumbai with family is mahalaxmi temple the temple is dedicated to the goddess of wealth it is said that the temple was built somewhere around the 16th century which makes it a significant place to visit the temple is visited by both the locals as well as tourists in a large number .

Name: hanging gardens
Location: ridge rd simla nagar malabar hill.
Description: hanging gardens hanging gardens is one of the most interesting tourist places in mumbai that must be on your itinerary it is a garden located on the top of the hill the garden offers picturesque views of the arabian sea that will definitely leave you spellbound in the garden you will find lush greenery and hedges in the form of animals the best part is that it is not only something where you can absorb beauty but it also provides water to the people nearby apart from that there is a flower clock as well in the garden which enhances its charm .

Name: mahakali caves
Location: mahakali caves.
Description: mahakali caves one of the most interesting and mysterious tourist places in mumbai are mahakali caves it is said that they belong to very old times they are situated in western region of andheri in the caves you will find 18 rock cut structures that are really fascinating these monuments were built between the first and sixth century you will also come across statues of buddha which are the main attractions of the caves .

Name: jehangir art gallery
Location: 161b mahatma gandhi road kala ghoda fort.
Description: jehangir art gallery if you are eager to watch some artwork while in mumbai then you should head to jehangir art gallery most of the famous artists display their artwork in this art gallery the gallery was opened for the public in the year 1952 you will find the works of popular artists like mf hussain in the museum .

Name: mount mary church
Location: mt mary rd near shanti avedna sadan.
Description: mount mary church one of the most religious places to visit there is mount mary church what makes it special to visit is the fact that it is situated at a hilltop it gives you the advantage of witnessing the panoramic views of the arabian sea from the church it is a great place to sit peacefully and attain some tranquility you can come here to escape the hustle and bustle of city life .

Name: madh island
Location: madh island mumbai maharashtraopening.
Description: madh island you must have heard about madh island in mumbai it is one of the most famous tourist places in mumbai for those who are looking for fun with luxury it is a beautiful island and home to quaint villages it is perfect for a weekend getaway with family or friends there are several resorts oozing out with luxury wherein you can plan a staycation to escape the humdrums of daily life .
