Name: mysore palace
Location: mysore junction.
Timings: 10 am to 5 30 pm.
Entry Fee: 40 per person.
Description: mysore palace among the most popular places to visit in mysore mysore palace was once the residence of wodeyar dynasty rulers who ruled mysore for seven centuries the palace is considered one of the largest in india with more than 2 7 million visitors every year the brilliant architecture and intricate craftsmanship with which it is built make it an incredible masterpiece the doorways and corridors make you travel through time to stories of the past visiting the palace is one of the most appealing things to do in mysore especially for all the history buffs out there the palace consists of pavilions large halls and various shrines during the most celebrated dasara festival the palace is richly decorated to display the culture and heritage of those times in the evening time when illuminated by 98000 light bulbs it is a spectacular sight worth capturing in your mind forever .

Name: lalitha mahal the palace of mysore
Location: lalitha mahal palace road.
Timings: 10 am to 5 30 pm.
Entry Fee: 100 per person.
Description: lalitha mahal the palace of mysore lalitha mahal was initially built to serve as a guest house to the royal family s guests it is located at the foot of chamundi hills and also offers scintillating views of the hills around and is one of the beautiful places to visit in mysore the exquisite interiors of the palace adorned with belgian crystal chandeliers and persian carpets are spectacular a part of the palace has now been converted to a heritage hotel and is being managed by india tourism development corporation itdc do visit this palace to feel the royal ambiance .

Name: jagmohan palace
Location: deshika rd opp city bus stand.
Timings: 10 am to 5 30 pm.
Entry Fee: 20 per person.
Description: jagmohan palace one of the famous mysore tourist places jaganmohan palace was initially constructed to be used as a residence for the royal family but it was later on converted to an art gallery the gallery houses many valuable artifacts and artworks from south india the famous works of indian artists such as raja ravi verma s oil paintings and s g heldnkr s lady with the lamp are also kept here the antiques and some intricate masterpieces also feature at the art gallery .

Name: india s largest aviary
Location: the palace lies hardly 5 km away from the railway station.
Timings: am to 5 30 pm.
Entry Fee: 10.
Description: karanji lake sourcecapturing over 90 acres the largest lake in karnataka is among the most gorgeous tourist places in mysore karanji lake is situated at the base of chamundi hills and qualifies as the best option for enjoying nature s scenic views adding to it the highlight of the lake is india s largest aviary that houses more than 70 species of birds serving as a home to migratory birds it is a picturesque spot for all the bird lovers and nature admirers and one of the tourist spots in mysore .

Name: melody world wax museum
Location: 1 vihara marga kurubara halli siddhartha.
Timings: am to 7 00 pm.
Entry Fee: 30.
Description: melody world wax museum the art museum in india melody world is one of its kind as the name suggests the museum showcases a collection of over a hundred wax statues and over three hundred musical instruments the instruments and bands are displayed here range from the stone age to the modern date showcasing different genres such as jazz pop chinese tribal rock punjabi bhangra hip hop etc it is a tribute to famous music artists from all over the world also it is one of the most famous mysore sightseeing places top tourist places in mysore .

Name: railway museum
Location: yadavagiri mysuru.
Timings: from am to 5 30 pm.
Entry Fee: 15.
Description: railway museum the railway museum in mysore is the second largest after the one in delhi and it is certainly one of the best places to see in mysore the museum also puts on display the initial locomotives and steam engines a mini takes the visitors on the ride through the premises of the museum a section also displays the luxurious travels undertaken by royal dynasties of mysore which consists of dining rooms kitchen and royal toilet kids love the place owing to the storehouse of interesting stuff around among all the best mysore tourist places this is the best attraction to visit with kids if you are making a mysore trip plan don t forget to include this destination .

Name: st philomena church
Location: 3km away from the local bus stand.
Timings: 1 to 2 hours.
Description: st philomena church clearly mysore is all about grand architectures next on the list of best places to see in mysore is st philomena church which is one of the largest cathedrals in south asia gothic style the construction plan of the church has been laid very thoughtfully the church s basement has catacombs below the main altar the floor plan is laid in the shape of the holy cross with congregation hall choir and transepts over its ends the stained glass windows depict the paintings of famous events of christ s era this is one of the most famous churches in mysore you must plan your visit to .

Name: chamundeshwari temple
Location: just 13 km away from the major slopes.
Description: chamundi hills and chamundeshwari temple chamundi hills are located 13 km from mysore and there lies a beautifully sculptured chamundeshwari temple atop the hills to reach the temple a flight of 1000 steps needs to be taken the architecture of the temple is unique and with 7 tier gopuram and 7 golden kalash at the top handcrafted with excellence the temple is dedicated to goddess durga and depicts her with 8 hands also known as ashta bhujas a tour of the hills and the temple is perfect for a day of sightseeing in mysore this is one of the most famous places in mysore for visiting with family it is one of the most tourist places in the mysore district .

Name: sri nandi temple
Location: railway station.
Description: sri nandi temple adjacent to chamundi hills halfway while climbing up to the chamundeshwari temple lies the nandi temple one of the best tourist places in mysore for religious tourists in mythology nandi is depicted as a sacred bull and the friend of lord shiva the 5 meters tall idol of nandi is believed to be carved out of a single rock there are many monkeys around the place so one needs to be a bit careful about the belongings .

Name: the magical fountain show
Location: near the krs dam.
Timings: am to 8 00 pm.
Entry Fee: 15.
Description: brindavan gardens built across krishnaraja sagar dam brindavan gardens are located 23 km from mysore it is a famous spot for sightseeing near mysore and a perfect space to spend a pleasant evening the magical fountain show is the highlight ornated with beautiful lights and cheerful music boat rides and fruit orchards serve as the icing on the cake .

Name: sri chamarajendra zoological gardens
Location: mysore palace.
Timings: am to pm.
Entry Fee: 3 to 4 hours.
Description: sri chamarajendra zoological gardens popularly known as the mysore zoo sri chamarajendra zoological gardens was established in 1892 the zoo is among the top places to see in mysore especially with kids today it expands over an area of 78 acres other than the animals found in our country this zoo also has some exotic animals acquired from foreign zoos if you are here for a long weekend then the zoo is definitely one of the places to visit in mysore in 3 days also if you are visiting with kids then this is one place that should be on your itinerary .

Name: planet
Location: mysore palace.
Timings: 4 pm to 11 pm.
Entry Fee: free reviews tripadvisor ratings 4 time required 2 to 3 hours.
Description: planet x if you are wondering about places to visit in mysore at night then head to planet x this is a famous tourist attraction in mysore located at the foothills of chamundi it is an entertainment center visited by one and all this amusement park is one of the top places to visit in mysore in 2 days one can enjoy snooker billiards and many more games here .

Name: grs fantasy park grs fantasy park
Location: mysore palace.
Timings: am to 6 pm.
Entry Fee: 3 to 4 hours.
Description: grs fantasy park grs fantasy park is an amusement and water park in mysore it is a great place to visit with family especially kids the fantasy park has a lot of rides for one to enjoy there are family rides rides for kids and thrilling rides the place is a complete package of fun and entertainment if you are visiting mysore in the summer then this is one place that you should not miss add it to your itineraries now .

Name: krs dam
Location: 30 minutes from the city.
Timings: 10 am to 8 pm.
Entry Fee: 1 to 2 hours.
Description: krs dam your mysore sightseeing isn t complete without paying a visit to krs dam built over the river kaveri it is another interesting place to visit in mysore it takes around 30 minutes by car from the city to reach the dam and so it can easily be explored if you are looking for places to visit in mysore in 1 day the garden at the dam is lighted every evening and one can relax or stroll here the musical fountain adds to the aesthetics of the place for a trip from mysore you can consider this .

Name: parrot park
Location: mysore city.
Timings: am pm .
Entry Fee: 2 to 3 hours.
Description: shuka vana if you want to make your mysore sightseeing trip memorable you must visit shukla van the resplendent shukla van in mysore is home to over 2000 birds making it one of the best places to visit in mysore for birdwatchers and nature lovers the forest reserve has about 450 varied species of avifauna the gorgeous high aviary that covers an area of 1 acre presently has the record for the most number of bird species in an aviary in the guinness book of world records the park is also called parrot park and is a prestigious part of the avadhoota datta peetham of sri ganapathi sachidananda ashram other than being a great spot for birdwatching it also serves as a rehabilitation center for injured orphaned abused and abandoned birds .

Name: trinesvaraswamy temple
Location: mysore city.
Timings: sunrise to sunset.
Entry Fee: nil.
Description: trinesvaraswamy temple this ancient temple in mysore is situated right outside the mysore fort but is easily missed in the grandeur of the fort the main deity worshipped here is trinesvara that is the shiva though the gopura of this sanctum was destroyed in the late 18th century the magnificence and splendor of this temple constructed in the dravidian style of architecture are still as wonderful as it was ages ago it s one of the most beautiful places to visit in mysore city for pilgrims and travelers .

Name: chunchanakatte falls
Location: mysore.
Timings: all days of the week.
Entry Fee: nil.
Description: chunchanakatte falls it might surprise you to know that mysore also has very few numbers of waterfalls that though not very popular are a true delight to the eyes and soul the chunchanakatte falls located over the river kaveri in the chunchanakatte village of mysore is one of them totally pristine and peaceful this river falls off from a height of a whopping 20 meters divided as two separate waterfalls before continuing as one single river at the base .

Name: bonsai gardens
Location: 10 km away from the main city.
Timings: am pm .
Entry Fee: inr 20 .
Description: bonsai garden still looking for the best places to see in mysore the bonsai gardens in mysore are one of its most unique attractions that houses more than 100 varieties of the bonsai trees that are laid out across this enormous estate serving as a part of the avadoota datta peetham of the sri ganapathi sachidananda ashrama this vast garden was initially a pet project of the keen swamiji the garden now has 450 miniature trees spread out over an area of 4 acres in this land that are filled with these unique dwarf trees the splendor of the garden is emphasized by the small brook that flows through this garden along with the statues of buddha and sacred monkeys placed around the area that add a charm to the representation of the zen culture showcased here the garden also has a lush green deer park that caters to wildlife seekers and nature lovers who visit don t miss the bonsai conventions held here in the month of december .

Name: folklore museum
Location: mysore palace.
Timings: am 6 pm.
Entry Fee: 15.
Description: folklore museum the folklore museum of mysore is among the most famous mysore tourist spots owing to the sea of information it provides on the rich culture and heritage of mysore it s a part of the mysore university and houses the most elaborate collections of traditional folk art rare products and articles from mysore history and various other artifacts that provide an insight into the customs traditions art and past of this city a hit amongst all history geeks and culture vultures it is one of the best museums in karnataka and a great place to visit to witness some of the most sprawling depictions of mysore s folk art this is one of the best tourist attractions in mysore .

Name: devaraja market
Location: right in the middle of the city.
Timings: 6 30 am to 9 30 pm.
Description: devaraja market one of the biggest markets in the city of mysore the devaraja market is one of the best places for shopping in mysore it has been selling needful items for a long time it is spread across 3 acres and offers almost 300 shops from puja materials to flowers and vegetables it has a lot in store if you are a photographer this place is heaven for you as it offers many photogenic spots to capture .

Name: shree shvetha varaha swamy temple
Location: near south gate agrahara chamrajpura.
Description: shree shvetha varaha swamy temple one of the most famous temples in mysore must explore mysore tourist places close to the hearts of the locals varahaswamy temple will leave you enchanted on its very doors you will find beautiful carvings intriguing enough to leave you wonderstruck and the whole complex of the temple will give you a joyful experience inside the temple you can seek blessings and embrace the peaceful ambiance .

Name: jaganmohan palace art gallery auditorium
Location: 570024 india near the city bus stand.
Description: jaganmohan palace art gallery auditorium mysore is home to a number of palaces that hold a significant place in its history and stand as great tourist places one of them is jaganmohan palace which is very grand and royal it is home to the jaganmohan art gallery and auditorium where you will find artifacts that will tell you about its history and glory more than 2000 paintings are available in the gallery and functions are also held there .

Name: regional museum of natural history mysore
Location: bus stand.
Timings: 1 to 2 hours.
Description: regional museum of natural history mysore this is the perfect place for a good start to the day the museum was built in order to educate people about nature and also to motivate them to take care of it the museum is home to several exhibitions as well as a garden it is a good place for nature lovers and those visiting mysore with kids in the garden you will find local trees and much more .

Name: kukkarahalli lake
Location: kukkarahalli lake.
Timings: 1 to 2 hours.
Description: kukkarahalli lake one of the most beautiful lakes in the city kukkarahalli lake is spread in the form of a j and offers picturesque views if you are looking for peace and serenity while in mysore then visit the lake at the lake you will also get the chance to witness some birds and enjoy the majestic views of chamundi hills that served as an inspiration to a great many poets .

Name: freedom fighter s park
Location: chamaraja double road.
Description: freedom fighter s park dedicated to the fighters who fought for the independence of our country from the control of the british the park offers an exceptionally joyous experience it is a huge park and offers lush greenery there is a statue of mahatma gandhi in the park if you are visiting mysore with your family then you must visit freedom fighter s park .

Name: sanjeevini park
Location: kamakshi hospital.
Description: sanjeevini park this is one of the best parks in the city that offers an escape from the hustle and bustle of life it is popular amongst locals as well as tourists for its green surroundings and huge complex there is a large statue of laughing buddha in the park that you won t find anywhere else the park also has a lot of swings and joy rides to keep children entertained .

Name: mysore artisan walk
Location: siddarthanagara mysuru karnataka.
Timings: am to pm.
Description: chamarajendra academy of visual arts chamarajendra academy of visual arts is one of the most spectacular places to visit in mysore the highlight here is the mysore artisan walk which provides an opportunity for art lovers to meet a number of artisans and learn from them about the various aspects of creating visual arts the academy is dedicated to various forms of visual art such as applied arts drawings paintings photojournalism and the history of art .

Name: government silk factory
Location: main city.
Timings: 10 pm time required 1 to 2 hours.
Description: government silk factory one of the most famous kinds of silks in india mysore silk is made in the city of palaces mysore is known for its silk all across the world and that definitely makes a visit to the government silk factory important make a tour of the factory to learn about the making of various kinds of silk products also you can shop for several silk products .

Name: lingambudhi lake lingambudhi lake
Location: srirampura.
Timings: am to pm.
Description: lingambudhi lake lingambudhi lake is among the most peaceful lakes in mysore city rich in biodiversity the surrounding of the lake is a great place to enjoy the calmness several bird species including those from eastern europe and central asia are the main attraction here you can as well spot pied avocet gull verditer flycatcher and common teal if you get lucky being a favorite spot for nature lovers in the city it is a place if you are looking for an escape from the of the city .

Name: st philomena s cathedral
Location: lourdes nagar ashoka road.
Timings: am to pm.
Description: st philomena s cathedral standing tall for almost 200 years now st philomena s cathedral is one of the holiest mysore places to visit this cathedral is one of the most significant and popular cathedrals amidst all the other places of worship covering the floors of not only mysore but the entire state of karnataka once a small church this cathedral was reconstructed by maharaja krishnaraja wodeyar this cathedral is one of the beautiful tourist places to witness the architecture and designs of mysore st philomena s cathedral also happens to be among the largest cathedrals in the entire south of asia .

Name: government sandalwood oil factory
Location: kuvempunagar.
Timings: am 1 pm 2 pm pm.
Entry Fee: tripadvisor ratings .
Description: government sandalwood oil factory one of the famous things about mysore is their sandalwood and what can be better than visiting the factory of that one thing that the place is known for the government sandalwood oil factory is one of the most exciting mysore places to visit that exhibits various techniques of how sandalwood products are made one can stroll around the factory shop for the mysore sandal products witness the procedures and techniques of productions which gives travelers a chance to learn as well as enjoy .

Name: dr ambedkar s park
Location: mysore palace.
Description: dr ambedkar s park if getting closer to nature is your idea of a day outing then dr ambedkar s park would surely land in your favorite mysore visiting places this park is one of the but places to go especially with the family for those who wish to get away from the bustling of the city culture and embrace solitude this park has plenty to offer the lush greens and refreshing aura of this destination make it a perfect picnic spot for families and children to spend some quality time together .

Name: javaregowda park
Location: 179 11th main road saraswathipuram.
Timings: am to pm.
Description: javaregowda park another one of the rejuvenating mysore visiting places is javaregowda park this park boasts an extensive number of fun rides and swings that appeal to the little ones and sometimes those adults who are always seeking to embrace their inner child be it a fitness enthusiast a nature admirer or a family traveling to the southern part of the country this park has ample green spaces to meet the expectations of every traveler the park also blankets paved paths that are perfect for a morning jog or walk there is a gymnasium facility that has recently been offered to the public .

Name: one of the best tourist places in mysore
Location: cheluvamba mansion.
Timings: a m to p m time required 1 to 2 hours.
Description: cheluvamba mansion built in the year by maharaja krishnaraja wodeyar iv for his third daughter princess cheluvajammanni cheluvamba mansion is spread over a massive area that is surrounded by lush green gardens in every corner each room in this mansion is built stupendously and each blankets some of the most carvings this mansion is now a research institute for the central food technological research institute it is indeed one of the best tourist places in mysore .

Name: ranganathittu bird sanctuary
Location: during.
Timings: pm .
Entry Fee: adults inr 50 children inr 25.
Description: ranganathittu bird sanctuary radhika kochhar for wikimedia ranganathittu bird sanctuary is located 17 km from mysore and is one of the most famous places to visit in mysore it is the largest bird sanctuary in mysore and is home to some of the colorful species of birds like painted stork common spoonbill asian openbill stork and more apart from that the destination also offers tourists to enjoy bird watching nature photography and boating the sanctuary is a perfect place to relax on your vacation with your family and friends .

