Name: imperial citadel
Location: vietnam.
Timings: 2010.
Entry Fee: 10 places to splurge and shop at this vietnamese hub.
Description: imperial citadel of thang long as a place of the former political centre of the country for 13 uninterrupted centuries imperial citadel of thang long is one of the most famous vietnam tourist spots a world heritage site since 2010 this place is a glorious vintage fortress that reflects the remnants of vietnamese military power archaeological expeditions have found relics of roads palaces wells ponds potteries coins and many other war remnants it is one of the most famous vietnam tourist attractions .

Name: ho chi minh s mausoleum
Location: 100000 vietnam.
Timings: a m to a m saturday thursday.
Entry Fee: free of cost.
Description: ho chi minh s mausoleum one of the most famous places to visit in vietnam ho chi minh s mausoleum is a piece of spectacular marble construction built with materials collected from all over the country this monumental marble architecture is quite popular and one of the most famous places to visit in ho chi minh city ho chi minh s pale body is in a glass sarcophagus inside the building this place is closed from september 4th to november 4th when ho chi minh s body is taken to russia for annual maintenance and preservation procedures people of vietnam regard this as a sacred place hence there are certain restrictions for visitors it is amongst the most visited vietnam tourist spots note it is not allowed to wear short clothes hats and tank tops inside the premises talking on the phone and clicking pictures is strictly prohibited also note nobody is allowed to walk inside keeping his hands inside their pocket .

Name: ngoc son temple
Location: 100000 vietnam.
Entry Fee: ngoc son temple.
Description: hoan kiem lake and ngoc son if you are travelling with your family and want to spend a day with fun and laughter this is the place where you should head towards the lake is also popular as turtle lake and is famous for the natural beauty around and is one of the most famous places to visit in vietnam and to emphasize the beauty more there is ngoc son temple in the middle of the lake linked by a small bridge to the mainland the island and the temple is the awesome place where you can take some great pictures with a fantastic background .

Name: vietnam museum of ethnology
Location: 100000 vietnam.
Entry Fee: vietnamese students students 6 8 years .
Description: vietnam museum of ethnology rungbachduong for wikipedia this museum in vietnam is one of the few that are based on the various ethnic groups of the country vietnam museum of ethnology was constructed in 1997 and many changes have been brought to the place over a period of time the architect ha duc linh has done a brilliant job in designing the building and was himself a member of one of the ethnic groups of vietnam .

Name: vietnam military history museum
Location: vietnam.
Timings: seven.
Entry Fee: 14.
Description: vietnam military history museum amongs the best sightseeing places in vietnam this history museum is among the 7 national museums in the country if you have a thing for military weapons then this place is a for people like you the museum was constructed on july 17th in the year 1956 there are various things on display that reminds the visitors of the vietnam war .

Name: temple of literature
Location: hanoi vietnam.
Timings: picturesque places in vietnam .
Entry Fee: ho chi minh city.
Description: temple of literature chuoibk for wikipedia if you want to learn about the cultural aspects of vietnam then a visit to this place is a must the temple of literature is considered the temple of confucius this temple is also a host to the first national university of vietnam the imperial academy the construction of this temple started in the year 1070 during the reign of emperor lý thánh tông the architecture and aura of this place define vietnamese historicity .

Name: war remnants museum
Location: vietnam.
Timings: a m to p m and p m to p m.
Entry Fee: 12 things to do in ho chi minh.
Description: war remnants museum one of the popular tourist places in vietnam the war remnant museum displays various items and relics of different wars of world history a variety of weapons armoured vehicles bombs bunkers tanks infantry weapons and artillery items are displayed here being one of the places in vietnam the museum also houses a section dedicated to photographs and posters of different movements and drives that happened globally .

Name: cu chi tunnels
Location: vietnam.
Timings: long tunnels.
Description: cu chi tunnels kevyn jacobs for wikipedia cu chi is a tunnel network created for communication purpose this 250 km long cu chi tunnel network was dug in 1940 as a place to hide during vietnam war against france and was later used during american war for the same reason it comprises of meandering tunnels dark narrow branches hidden doors weapon storerooms and secret routes for canals and rivers reaching up to the border of cambodia as it is one of the thrilling places to see in vietnam some of the tunnels have been widened for visitors if you are a brave heart you must try the superb experience .

Name: mekong delta mekong delta
Location: south vietnam.
Timings: open throughout the day.
Entry Fee: backpacking in vietnam.
Description: mekong delta mekong delta has a geographical significance not only because of its delta features but also due to the abundance of rice cultivation on both the banks it is one of the must places to visit in vietnam the most mesmerising feature of this popular tourist destination is that the houseboats and markets float on rivers canals that intersect the land .

Name: golden dragon water puppet theatre
Location: vietnam.
Timings: water puppet show .
Description: golden dragon water puppet theatre you may have seen different types of puppet shows around the world but what you get to see here is exclusive it is water puppetry that was originated almost 1000 years ago in the red river delta region of vietnam and one of the important places to go in vietnam each show is for 50 minutes and you can get to peep through the country s culture and social life within this time the shows are garnered with live music performances which are additional fun while watching the puppets telling you a story you get to listen to traditional vietnamese music instruments like violins bamboo flutes and so on it is one of the popular vietnam tourist spots .

Name: thien hau temple
Location: 70000 vietnam.
Timings: lady of the sea.
Entry Fee: 10 beaches.
Description: thien hau temple soak in the good vibes and seek blessings at one of the oldest chinese temples in ho chi minh city the temple is dedicated to the lady of the sea thien hau who is worshipped by locals here as it s one of the best places to visit in vietnam for spirituality and religious purposes the tourists visit to seek solitude and experience the calm vibes of this temple with the aroma of incense sticks lingering in the air and candles flickering on the altars the sunlight coming through the roof and the spiritual atmosphere of this temple are worth a visit you can simply stroll in the open courtyard and marvel at the porcelain dioramas that depict the chinese way of living from the 19th century .

Name: saigon opera house
Location: 7 lam son square ben nghe ward district 1 ho chi minh city.
Timings: a m to p m monday to friday.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: saigon opera house an architectural marvel this french colonial style building is a treat to the eyes that was built as opera de saigon in 1897 by eugene ferret a french architect making it one of the best places to visit in vietnam it later became a theatre in 1975 where you can watch a show or attend the orchestra both the ho chi minh city ballet symphony orchestra and opera perform here you can purchase the tickets from the box office you can also visit the notre dame cathedral and reunification palace nearby which is considered to be one of the best places to go in vietnam .

Name: asia
Location: hoi an vietnam.
Entry Fee: 14 festivals.
Description: hoi an ancient town one of the best places to visit in vietnam hoi an is an ancient coastal town and the former trading post of asia the vintage town is one of the places in vietnam the style and architecture of the buildings reflect a perfect amalgamation of the east and the west chinese temples japanese designed bridge pagoda old canal and french colonial houses still reflect the old world charm for those who love serenity hoi an is an ideal choice where one can relax on their stunning and less crowded beaches or enjoy the nightlife in one of the quaint cafes by the river .

Name: cantonese assembly hall
Location: vietnam.
Description: cantonese assembly hall lying in close proximity to bridge pagoda this assembly hall of the cantonese chinese congregation was established in the 18th century the main altar of the hall is dedicated to quan cong the chinese general is praised for his bravery and also worshipped notably the assembly is one of the five assembly halls in hoi an that is for different chinese ethnic groups .

Name: my son sanctuary
Location: duy phú duy xuyên district.
Timings: lord shiva.
Entry Fee: 30 exciting things to do in cambodia.
Description: my son sanctuary one of the best places in vietnam my son sanctuary is an ancient site of art and architecture that carries immense historical significance located on the coast of central vietnam this world heritage site was the erstwhile capital of the champa kingdom several partially demolished tower temples dedicated to lord shiva make this site one of the most interesting places to see in vietnam these spectacular architectural edifices have been raised over a period of 10 centuries 4th to 14th century ad and the carvings truly reflect the culture ethos history and heritage of asia .

Name: cu lao cham
Location: quang nam province hoi an vietnam.
Timings: throughout the day.
Description: cham island locally known as cu lao cham this is a small pristine island with amazing landscape and one of the best places to explore in vietnam one of the upcoming places to see in vietnam the island is rich in marine biodiversity and comprises many endangered species a 30 minutes speedboat ride from hoi an is all it takes to reach this vietnam tourist attraction the island is known for coral spotting swimming diving and snorkelling one should spend overnight on the island to experience the most photogenic sunrise .

Name: phuoc lam pagoda
Location: vietnam.
Timings: hoi an .
Entry Fee: No.
Description: phuoc lam pagoda if you re looking for the best vietnam tourist places then this is the place to be while you are in hoi an you will be amazed to see lots of pagodas and temples you should not miss phuoc lam pagoda which is really unique in its design and architecture it is the tranquillity around the place that will keep you calm and quiet while you will enjoy the serene beauty of the pagoda decorated with potted plants on the porch and the religious statues on the walls this pagoda is really awesome to spend a day here .

Name: old house of phun hung
Location: hoi an vietnam.
Timings: local values and culture of vietnam.
Description: old house of phun hung as the name suggests this place rightly depicts the old charm of the city of hoi an and vietnam as a whole and is one of the places in vietnam old house of phun hung is full of elements that represent the aspects like trade as well as different local values of the country of vietnam quite effectively since this place appropriately displays the old values of the country it has been recorded as one of the world heritage sites .

Name: quan cong temple
Location: vietnam.
Timings: chinese architecture .
Entry Fee: vnd120 000.
Description: quan cong temple this temple was constructed in the year 1653 however since that year the temple has been renovated multiple times keeping the chinese architecture intact the name of this temple has been inspired by a chinese rebel who belonged to the han dynasty the chinese military general was famous for his dedication as well as integrity towards his nation and among the top places to visit in vietnam .

Name: complex of hue monuments
Location: vietnam.
Timings: unesco world heritage site .
Entry Fee: for adults for children .
Description: complex of hue monuments the former political cultural and spiritual centre of nguyen dynasty is another historical site of vietnam located in proximity to the hue city this is a collection of monuments set amid the blue mountains and the meandering perfume river the place comprises of former administrative defence and cultural headquarters also situated right outside the boundary of the complex are several temples the complex of hue monuments showcases the perfect example of planning and building processes of a city in a stipulated time period the layout and the planning demonstrate the essence of feudal urban planning .

Name: the perfume river
Location: thua thien hue vietnam.
Timings: throughout the day.
Entry Fee: na 10 places to visit in da nang.
Description: the perfume river the name is really interesting right you will feel amazing while strolling on the riverside and enjoying the sunset the aroma coming from the river is because of the rich flora and fauna underwater it fills the air and you feel the tranquility of nature sitting on the riverside and watching the boats is really romantic if you want an evening alone with your partner be there .

Name: pagoda of the celestial lady
Location: vietnam.
Description: pagoda of the celestial lady casablanca1911 for wikipedia this is a popular temple in vietnam that is known for its historicity and for the best vietnam sightseeing experience the most interesting fact about this temple is that it has usually been a part of the folklore the temple has been erected atop the hà khê hill in the hương long ward this pagoda is also unofficially known to be the symbol of the city of hue .

Name: ung mausoleum
Location: vietnam.
Entry Fee: vietnamese finds .
Description: tomb of khai dinh lê tấn lộc for wikipedia also known by the name ung mausoleum the tomb of khai dinh has been established upon the chau chu mountain and famous for the best vietnam tourist attractions as the name suggests the temple was built for the 12th emperor of the nguyen dynasty the construction of this tomb took 11 years and the architecture is a reflection of the oriental as well as occidental influences .

Name: phu cam cathedral
Location: vietnam.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: phu cam cathedral lưu ly for wikipedia this one on our list is among the best places to visit in vietnam in december a cathedral established atop a hill that was known for its rich orange plantation the construction of this church commenced in the year 1963 and till 2000 it has gone through various renovations the modern architecture of phu cam cathedral reflects the expertise of the architect ngo viet thu .

Name: an hien garden house
Location: vietnam.
Entry Fee: halong bay.
Description: an hien garden house this is one of the best places to visit in the city of hue if you are a nature lover then this place will definitely leave you all excited the ancient architecture will give you an insight into the historical aspects of the city as well as the whole country of vietnam an hien garden house is the ideal place to spend quality time with your loved one in peace .

Name: halong bay
Location: on the western side of gulf of tokin.
Timings: na famous for home to a large number of islands .
Description: halong bay halong bay is a destination with its emerald blue water and marine cliffs scattered throughout with magnificent karst topography locally known as where the dragon descends into the sea this halong bay has numerous wind and limestone caves sinkhole lakes and grottoes located 182 km east of hanoi this spectacular bay was tagged as world heritage site in 1994 and is one of the most popular places to visit in vietnam .

Name: lan ha bay
Location: halong bay vietnam.
Timings: throughout the day.
Entry Fee: 4 days in vietnam.
Description: lan ha bay kenznguyen for pixabay unusual to the bays and beach towns lan ha bay is free from crowd chaos and is among the top unique places to visit in vietnam if you are on a honeymoon trip and want to spend some alone time with your spouse you can head towards this bay you can hire a sailboat or kayak to explore the bay and reach the areas which are more secluded .

Name: the cave of marvels
Location: long bay halong city.
Timings: caves.
Description: sung sot cave this cave is one of the largest caves in halong bay and one of the most famous tourist attractions of halong bay known as the cave of marvels this cave features unique striking rock formations including a buddha a tortoise and phallus that are illuminated by lights once you get inside the cave you ll be awestruck by its grandeur and mesmerizing beauty spot different kinds of shapes that almost seem real exploring this cave is a experience that you shouldn t miss while in halong bay .

Name: cat ba island
Location: halong bay.
Timings: waters sports activities .
Entry Fee: na vietnam visa.
Description: cat ba island this is the largest island in halong bay it is the hub for all water sport activities like swimming snorkelling kayaking diving and caving as well if you want to experience the best of snorkelling in vietnam then this is the place to be other adventures include trekking hiking and rock climbing the beaches might feel overcrowded but there s plenty of space to relax unwind and sunbathe without getting disturbed you can find your own secluded spot to lay your beach mat and just relax amidst serene views .

Name: dau be island
Location: southwestern of halong bay vietnam.
Timings: open famous for diverse flora and fauna .
Description: dau be island famous for flying squirrels golden monkeys and other species of birds this island is quite secluded and consists of three ocean basins and a cave that features unique rock formations the island is best for snorkelling as the marine life is rich and diverse you can spend hours snorkelling around the island and getting lost in the magical underwater world you can also swim on this island as it s comprised of three inland lakes and witness the vibrant corals .

Name: ti top titov island ti top island
Location: bai chay tourist harbour vietnam.
Timings: all day.
Entry Fee: sa pa sapa.
Description: ti top titov island ti top island is one of the most famous and scenic islands of halong bay it is named after a russian astronaut gherman titov who visited halong bay in 1962 the summit of this island can be reached by a steep climb the panoramic views from the top are worth the climb it is one of the must places to visit in halong bay and ideal for all recreational activities like swimming kayaking snorkelling and more if you re an adventure enthusiast then we highly recommend you take the hike up the 427 steps to reach the mountaintop gazebo and be rewarded with breathtaking views of the surreal landscape .

Name: ta phin village sa pa
Location: sa pa lao cai vietnam.
Timings: na famous for traditional lifestyle of people and the stunning views .
Description: ta phin village sa pa has always been on the top of the list of tourists who want to visit vietnam but this village has been made its place recently on that list located 17km west of sa pa this village belongs to the red dao s people who have maintained their traditional lifestyle away from the touch of modernity tips the roads towards the village aren t suitable for cars so you can hire bikes and visit the village the journey is also beautiful with astounding views of the road .

Name: fansipan mountain
Location: sapa vietnam.
Timings: all day.
Entry Fee: fansipan cable car tickets per person.
Description: fansipan mountain this mountain is the highest in the indochinese peninsula and is famously known as the roof of the indochina it has stunning sceneries and a beautiful landscape surrounding it that makes it ideal for trekking expeditions for adventure junkies if you re not up for a trekking excursion then you can also choose to take the cable car ride to witness the panoramic views of the indochina region explore the rich flora and fauna of this mountain and marvel at the views of the swirling clouds and forested slopes on your way .

Name: silver waterfall the silver waterfall
Location: vietnam.
Timings: open 24 hours.
Description: silver waterfall the silver waterfall is a mesmerizing waterfall that has white water cascading down the giant slope of a hill the sunlight falling on the waters gives it a shining colour and makes it look like silver hence the name silver waterfall this waterfall can be visible from afar and is ideal for hiking in vietnam adventure .

Name: hoang lien national park
Location: lao cai vietnam.
Timings: 24 hours.
Entry Fee: vietnamese vacay.
Description: hoang lien national park one of the most important national parks of vietnam it is situated at a height of m above sea level the hoang lien national park boasts ecotourism and it s also a hub for scientific research with an extensive range of forests and exotic wildlife you can explore the wilderness of this national park with trekking expeditions and enjoy your time in the lap of nature .

Name: bridge museum
Location: vietnam.
Timings: na famous for stunning beaches and dazzling nightlife .
Description: da nang danang the fourth largest city in vietnam is located halfway between hanoi and ho chi minh city the quirky bridge museum stunning beaches fascinating restaurants and dazzling nightlife are the elements of the charm of this lively city .

Name: nha trang nha trang
Location: khanh hoa province vietnam.
Timings: na famous for stunning landscape and beaches .
Entry Fee: per person adults.
nha trang nha trang was built by champa rulers.Description: nha trang nha trang the capital city of khánh hòa province is a coastal destination with a beach and turquoise bay dotted with small islands and surrounded by a string of hills this is one of the most popular beach destinations in vietnam and the most visited vietnam tourist attraction one of the best places to visit in south vietnam the city is also known for its po nagar tower .

Name: ru coc toad island
Location: cua lo beach.
Timings: throughout the day.
Description: lan chau island immerse into the beautiful scenery live the island life and plunge into the crystal clear waters of the most beautiful island in cua lo the white sand beaches and the blue waters are ideal for a relaxing time on this island the locals call it the ru coc toad island because it looks like a giant toad towards the sea the steep cliffs and the rock formations on this island make it famous .

Name: yok don national park
Location: dak lak province vietnam.
Timings: biennial coffee festival.
Entry Fee: nightlife.
Description: buon ma thuot go off the beaten track and explore the quaint town for pristine nature and experience the rustic side of vietnam also known as the coffee capital of vietnam buon ma thuot and the surrounding region is known to grow the best coffee that hosts the biennial coffee festival you can also visit the yok don national park vietnam s largest nature reserve and explore a few striking waterfalls villages and unravel the local culture of vietnam .

Name: pu luong nature reserve
Location: vietnam.
Timings: rice paddies and the scenic beauty of the place .
Entry Fee: more than you expected.
Description: pu luong nature reserve phu long nature reserve is the best place for tourists looking for an offbeat place home to a large number of rice paddies and stunning limestone panoramas located roughly 170 km from hanoi trekking in the forest alongside the rice paddies cycling in the reserve and exploring the small villages are some of the common activities that one can do it is a hidden gem amongst all the other vietnam visiting places .

Name: dalat
Location: province dalat vietnam.
Timings: waterfalls lush greenery and the amazing weather.
Entry Fee: scuba diving.
Description: dalat located on the lang biang highlands around a lake and a golf course dalat is a cool and serene place for a perfect holiday retreat dalat has pleasant days and soothing cool nights therefore the climate here is rightly tagged as eternal spring this perfect holiday destination boasts its stunning lakes waterfalls and lush green valleys with vibrant flower beds that have put it among the most amazing places to visit in vietnam .

Name: sand dunes
Location: southeast vietnam vietnam.
Timings: activities at the place .
Entry Fee: camps .
Description: sand dunes of mui ne mui ne boasts of its spectacular white and red sand dunes eroded by oceanic wind the winds have carved out formations such as barchans sieve and display amazing desert topography as one of the most fascinating vietnam tourist places it is crowded during the peak season yet it is quite challenging to explore the entire area by trekking hence people need to hire sledge quad bikes and buggies or take an ostrich ride .

Name: phu quoc
Location: kien giang province vietnam.
Timings: vietnam.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: phu quoc located about 50 km from the vietnam mainland phu quoc is a spectacular land on the gulf of thailand one of the most famous places in vietnam the island consists of sparkling white sand beaches nearly transparent crystal clear water virgin shoreline bustling shacks and a serene environment enjoy the photogenic sunset or take a stroll along the beaches and make the holiday a dream come true .

Name: ninh binh ninh binh
Location: freshwater lake located in back kan province.
Timings: 24 hours.
Entry Fee: 10 days.
Description: ninh binh ninh binh is another topographical splendour on the southern end of the red river delta the place represents a typical vietnamese rural scene with lush green paddy fields verdant mountains and winding rivers cutting through the village the former capital of vietnam ninh binh is one of the popular vietnam tourist places .
