Name: lingaraj temple
Location: bhubaneswar.
Description: lingaraj temple architectural marvel lingaraj temple is a glorious temple located in the city of bhubaneswar and is one of the most important attractions and landmarks this temple is an architectural marvel in the city of bhubaneswar being a major tourist destination this ancient temple is also an important pilgrimage in this part of the country the whole architecture stone carvings and interiors are extremely riveting temple surroundings are extremely clean and serene a visit to bhubaneswar is incomplete without a visit to this enchanting temple .

Name: udayagiri and khandagiri caves
Location: khandagiri bhubaneswar.
Description: udayagiri and khandagiri caves wonderous caves udayagiri and khandagiri caves are a wondrous attraction in khandagiri area of bhubaneswar the caves are also popularly known as kattaka caves these alluring caves are a mix of ethereal natural and ancient man made caves which makes it an incredible place to visit situated on the small hilltop these caves may need at least 2 to 3 hours to explore there are scintillating murals surrounding the caves and there is a very charming garden in the area one may also find a lot of monkeys near the caves truly an enchanting place to visit and explore .

Name: rajarani temple
Location: tankapani road.
Description: rajarani temple serene and tranquil this 11th century temple is a smashing piece of architecture situated in the old town of bhubaneswar this glorious monument is an ethereal place to visit the surroundings are very tranquil and serene there is an extremely garden in the temple s surrounding this ancient monument doesn t have idols to worship inside the temple compound one could adore the stone cravings and beautiful artwork inside and outside the temple .

Name: mukteshvara temple
Location: old town bhubaneswar.
Description: mukteshvara temple amazing temple this glorious ancient temple was built in the 10th century this stunning piece of architecture and sacredness is dedicated to lord shiva the amazing temple has incredible serene vibes and tranquil surroundings there is an alluring fish pond in the temple compound which also has a blissful garden to relax and stroll this beautiful temple is a must visit attraction in bhubaneswar .

Name: odisha state museum
Description: odisha state museum culture and language odisha has an incredibly rich culture and heritage and the odisha state museum is one perfect place to explore some of the rich cultures of this incredible state of india a wonderful place to learn about the culture art language architecture religions that have evolved in this intriguing state of odisha this is a huge museum spread over multiple floors and multiple sections and may need a good 4 5 hours if you want to explore it nicely the collection of artefacts and exhibits is startling at this museum this will surely captivate you and is a place if you are interested in learning about this beautiful state and the city of bhubaneswar entry fees inr near lewis road kalpana square bjb nagar bhubaneswar odisha 751014 suggested read sea ports in india know about the important ports which stands as a glory of .

Name: ekamra kanan botanical gardens
Location: nayapalli bhubaneswar.
Description: ekamra kanan botanical gardens bird watching this is an incredible landscaped park maintained by the local government best part of this botanical garden is the presence of a number of exotic birds throughout the park in case if you are a bird lover try coming in here early in the morning and you will be captivated by the enchanting chirping of the birds here the garden is full of exquisite flora including numerous varieties of roses and cactus here this is a large park distributed over 2 acres and full of alluring natural beauty there is an entry ticket of inr 25 per individual the place is extremely calm and serene one of the best places to relax amidst the natural beauty .

Name: dhauli shanti stupa
Location: kuldhara village gadisar lake.
Description: dhauli shanti stupa awe inspiring standing tall at dhauli hills this is an elegant and awe inspiring buddhist monument situated in a very serene surroundings the monument was built in the early 1970s this buddhist temple is made up of white marble and looks stunningly beautiful the drive to this monument is incredibly gratifying with full of ethereal views the views of bhubaneswar city from this monument on top of the hill are quite ravishing this is a beautiful place away from the city s bustle .

Name: deras dam
Description: deras dam picturesque landscapes this is an incredible dam with lot of picnicking opportunities in the areas surrounding the dam the dam is around 15 km away from the city center the whole area surrounding the dam is forestry and covered with lush green trees this is a wonderful picnic spot surrounded by adorable natural setting and with ethereal views one can also take a dip in the water reservoir or simply sit with your feet in water during summers it is also a great spot for a stroll amidst the picturesque environment hence considered among the places to visit in bhubaneswar for couples there is also a little cafeteria for you to enjoy a hot cup of tea with warm snacks the area closes by pm in the evening this place with its green natural settings and soothing sounds of flowing water will relax and rejuvenate your soul entry fees inr 40 kantabada deras dam road barapita .

Name: biju patnaik park
Location: bhubaneswar.
Description: biju patnaik park relaxing environment a wonderful place to stroll in the middle of nature the park is full of greenery and plants this is an old park which has an open gym area and play areas for kids there is also an eatery for you to have your snacks tea or lunch the park is locally popular as forest park and tourists prefer this for picnics and jogs full of nature the park is quite serene and a perfect place for a refreshing and relaxing time away from the of the city .

Name: regional science centre fun learning
Location: bhubaneswar.
Entry Fee: 25.
Description: regional science centre fun learning this is an incredible science centre and is unique in many ways the science centre has many gadgets and machines showing how different things work the centre also has a 3d auditorium where one can see 3d movies related to science and technology this is a popular place amongst science enthusiasts and kids there is an intriguing taramandal area that showcases different planets stars and constellations the centre also has a lovely park with alluring ducks chirping and playing there there is an .

Name: chandaka reserve forest elephant reserve
Location: chandaka reserve forest.
Description: chandaka reserve forest elephant reserve this is an enchanting forest reserve area around bhubaneswar the area is full of lush green dense woods and tall trees the nature is in abundance in this forest area the forest area is sprawled in an area of 175 sq km the forest is surrounded by mountain hills of cuttack and khurda areas these forests are popular for being an important elephant reserve one can get jeep safaris in the forest and explore the lives of imposing entrancing elephants in this region .

Name: parashurameshvara temple
Location: near bindu sagar pond kedar gouri vihar old town.
Description: parashurameshvara temple architectural marvel if you are looking for religious tourist places in bhubaneswar then you ought to visit the parashurameshvara temple on your vacation the structure of this temple reflects the odia style of architecture and it is one of the oldest temples in bhubaneswar lord shiva is the main deity worshipped in this temple it is believed that this temple was 650 ce and it is one of the most eminent ancient temples in odisha .

Name: ram mandir
Location: bhubaneshwar.
Description: ram mandir ignite spirituality sourcededicated to lord ram goddess sita and lord lakshaman ram mandir is a beautiful structure in bhubaneswar when you are all tired after exploring the tourist places in bhubaneswar then you should pay a visit to ram mandir to mediate and seek blessings of lord ram the best time to visit this temple is during major festivals like vivaha pancham ram navami janmashtami pana sankranti dussehra and shivaratri .

Name: baitala deula
Location: barhadanda road old town.
Description: baitala deula historic significance khakra style baitala deula is known for its stunning structure and attracts a lot of tourists every year established in the 8th century baitala deula is famous as deula among locals a gorgeous hindu temple situated in the capital city of odisha baitala deula is considered one of the best places to visit in bhubaneswar for all history enthusiasts the main deity worshipped in this temple is chamunda or charchika and the spires in this temple denote the three powers of goddess chamunda which are mahalakshmi mahasaraswati and mahakali .

Name: ananta vasudev temple
Location: gouri nagar old town bhubaneswar odisha.
Description: ananta vasudev temple historical traditions ananta vasudev temple is one of the most popular places to visit in bhubaneswar for all those who are looking to have an encounter with the traditions and culture of the city this temple is dedicated to lord krishna and many rituals and ceremonies are performed here throughout the year as soon as you will enter this temple you can have a look at the idols of balarama krishna and subhadra try wearing decent clothes and covering your head before you enter the temple .

Name: iskcon temple
Location: krishna tower irc village nayapalli bhubaneswar.
Description: iskcon temple religious place sudeep pramanik for wikipedia iskcon temple is one of the most beautiful temples in bhubaneswar and is one of the most religious places to visit in bhubaneswar iskcon temple was built in the year 1991 by iskcon international society for krishna consciousness and serves as an alternative to lord jagannath temple in puri it is believed that this temple offers abode to the lord jagannath .

Name: hirakud dam
Location: sambalpur.
Description: hirakud dam india s longest dam quarterbacker for wikipedia hirakud dam is constructed across the mahanadi river in sambalpur odisha and is the longest dam in india the dam stretches across 56kms and is one of the best places to visit in bhubaneswar the dam was built in the year 1956 and is a fantastic spot to see nature in its glory there is a road that takes you 21kms over the dam and lets you witness breathtaking views it is also a popular spot among those who are into .

Name: parasurameswara temple
Location: near bindu sagar pond kedar gouri vihar.
Description: parasurameswara temple marvellous architecture balaji for wikipedia parasurameswara temple a temple that was constructed in 650 a d is a testament to marvellous architecture of that period the oriyan style architecture of this temple makes it one of the most beautiful places to visit in bhubaneswar the most feature of the temple is the presence of one thousand lingas the temple is adorned with carvings of lord ganesha lord shiva and goddess paravti .

Name: bindu sarovara
Location: bhubaneswar odisha suggested read 9 romantic places in odisha.
Description: bindu sarovara holy water nizil shah for wikipedia bindu sarovar or commonly known as bindu sagar is a water tank that is believed to be sacred by the hindus the tank lies in the vicinity of the lingaraj temple and there are a lot of temples that are surrounding this water tank it is believed that the water in bindu sagar contains drops of water from all the major holy pools and rivers of india it is one of the best places to visit in bhubaneswar if you want to witness the religious side of this city .

Name: one of the most amazing tourist places in bhubaneswar
Location: bhubaneswar.
Description: brahmeswara temple oriyan architecture muk khan for wikipedia the brahmeswara temple is a relic that is another prime example of the brilliance of oriya style of architecture the temple is surrounded by four similar shrines and was built during the 11th century the main shrine of the temple is dedicated to shivalingam and you can also see the sculptures of lord shiva and goddess parvati alongside the temple is one of the most amazing tourist places in bhubaneswar that is famous for beautiful carvings .

Name: tikarpada wildlife sanctuary
Location: odisha food 24 iconic dishes that are too .
Description: tikarpada wildlife sanctuary into the wild rajani3737 for wikipedia the tikarpada wildlife sanctuary is one of the tourist places in bhubaneswar that is known for its mesmerizing beauty and green surroundings the sanctuary is spread across an area of 795 52 square kilometers and houses a large variety of wild animals birds and flora the sanctuary is home to tigers leopards gaurs simbal four horned antelopes sloths and more within the tikarpada wildlife sanctuary there is the gharial sanctuary which is responsible for breeding and caretaking of gharials this is one of the best wildlife sanctuaries in odisha .

Name: museum of tribal arts artefacts
Location: nayapalli bhubaneswar.
Description: museum of tribal arts artefacts collection of artefacts balaji for wikipedia amongst the many tourist places in bhubaneswar is the museum of tribal arts artefacts that houses a collection from the 62 tribes of odisha if you love to explore the cultures and tradition of odisha a visit to the museum will suit you well the museum houses a collection of costumes accessories jewelry farming equipment weapons and gears and more .

Name: nandankanan zoological park zoo
Location: nandankanan rd near police station.
Description: nandankanan zoological park zoo inside a forest jitendraamishra for wikipedia the nandankanan zoological park is one of a kind zoo that is housed inside a forest the nandankanan zoological park was established in the year 1960 to ensure that the flora and fauna thrive in a natural habitat this zoo is the first in the whole wide world to have bred melanistic and white tigers successfully it is one of the most famous tourist places in bhubaneswar .

Name: chausath yogini temple
Location: balianta hirapur.
Description: chausath yogini temple religious significance pankajsaksena for wikipedia chausath yogini temple is a temple that bears striking resemblance to the temple in khajuraho and was built during the 10th century during the kalachuri kingdom the temple is located near the narmada river and is counted amongst the bhubaneswar places to visit goddess durga is the presiding deity of the temple the temple is known to follow yogini culture and almost 70 yoginins reside in the temple .

Name: kedar gauri temple
Location: bindu sagar pond kedar gouri vihar.
Description: kedar gauri temple temple rnivargi for wikipedia kedar gauri temple one of the bhubaneswar places to visit is one of the eight astasambhu temples and is dedicated to goddess gauri and lord shiva some locals also believe that the temple is dedicated to two couples named kedar and gauri the famous attraction here is the annual procession that starts from the lingaraja and goes till kedar gauri temple and is held here to commemorate the marriage of shiva and parvati .

Name: nicco park
Location: nicco park rd bhubaneswar.
Entry Fee: inr .
Description: nicco park for a fun day nerdstravel com this is one of the fascinating places to visit in bhubaneswar which can be visited with family and friends considered to be one of the quick getaways for a day out this amusement park was designed and built in association with nicco japan decorated with beautiful and gardens the park has a wide variety of rides to enjoy it is one of the fun places to visit in bhubaneswar in two days .

Name: pathani samanta planetarium
Timings: weekend.
Entry Fee: adult inr 30.
pathani samanta planetarium was built by the science and technology department of the government of odisha.Description: pathani samanta planetarium to enjoy science subhashish panigrahi for wikipedia this planetarium is named after a famous astronomer pathani samanta the place was .

Name: ramachandi beach
Location: bhubaneswar.
Description: ramachandi beach wikipedia nestled at a distance of 65 kilometres from bhubaneswar this stretch of coastline is a perfect destination to observe the coming together of the bay of bengal and river kushabhadra the ramachandi beach is easily accessible with the construction of marine drive road and just 7 kilometres of konark making it a short and serene drive away .

