Name: zakir hussain rose garden
Location: jan marg 16b sector 16 chandigarh.
Entry Fee: 50.
Description: zakir hussain rose garden smell amazing fragrances for all the nature lovers out there this is like a dream come true located in chandigarh s the famous rose garden boasts of 825 types of flowers it s quite a popular attraction where people can witness the beauty of these colorful flower beds it s a mesmerising sight to see so many flowers at once and is one of the most popular places to visit among couples if you want to make the best of your trip make sure you visit this beautiful place .

Name: sukhna lake
Location: sector 1 chandigarh.
Description: sukhna lake admire the views while boating sukhna lake is among the most picturesque tourist places in chandigarh a stretched across 3 km and one of its kind acts as a perfect place for joggers and walkers apart from all this the lake acts as the perfect spot for picnics if you are visiting chandigarh with your family this has to be on the top of your list for places to visit .

Name: rock garden place
Location: sector 1 chandigarh.
Entry Fee: 20 minutes.
Description: rock garden place located in of chandigarh this is the classic example of best out of waste rock garden is a huge hall that displays sculptures made out of waste and was designed by a road inspector named nek chand in 1957 the spot is a must if you are planning to cover top places to visit in chandigarh with friends .

Name: mohali cricket stadium
Location: phase 9 sector 63.
Entry Fee: disney land ocean park.
Description: mohali cricket stadium rekindle the patriotic fervour inaugurated in 1953 the mohali cricket stadium is an enormous stadium and has a capacity of spectators it also is the proud home to the kings xi punjab cricket team located in sahibzada ajit singh nagar visiting this stadium is a great experience visit the stadium for getting some patriotic fervour on .

Name: terraced garden
Location: sector 33b sector 33 chandigarh.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: terraced garden gape at the vibrant colors boasting of vibrant flowers and lush greenery terraced garden is a tourist destination which attracts people from not only chandigarh or nearby cities but from across the country established in 1979 the terraced garden covers an area of 10 acres and has a lighted musical fountain which becomes active in the evening when famous songs are played this is indeed among the best sightseeing places in chandigarh .

Name: iskcon temple
Location: hare krishna dham sector 36b.
Description: iskcon temple seek blessings one of the top places of pilgrimage and a very famous temple of iskcon this temple in chandigarh is visited by devotees all around the year if you are planning a trip to chandigarh with your family make sure you visit this temple dedicated to lord krishna and radha it is one of the most famous places in the city and will make your trip a memorable one .

Name: pinjore garden
Location: highway pinjore haryana.
Entry Fee: inr 20 23 hill stations.
Description: pinjore garden admire the captivating fountains a vibrant beautiful mughal garden made in the 17th century stretched over a massive area of 100 acres and a great place to be really close to nature pinjore garden is a must visit place on your visit to chandigarh these gardens are known for their lush greenery and captivating fountains and definitely offer a sight to behold .

Name: leisure valley
Location: 10b sector 10b chandigarh.
Description: leisure valley take a stroll amidst greenery without a doubt one of the most attractive tourist places in chandigarh leisure valley covers an 8 km long stretch also known as the lungs of the chandigarh city this attraction not only adds to the beauty but also helps to keep pollution at bay and keep the city clean there is a festival that takes place yearly which acts as an added delight make sure you include this in your list whenever you go sightseeing in chandigarh .

Name: sector 17 market
Location: 17f sector 17 chandigarh.
Description: sector 17 market best place to hangout the most popular and the biggest market in the city this one is equally popular among kids and adults from big brands to food joints kids wear to bridal stores this market has got it all you can find anything you have been eyeing or perhaps just visit the place and decide to buy something on impulse a pretty souvenir never hurt anyone .

Name: the first microbrewery
Location: sco 358 sector 9.
Description: hops n grains experience chandigarh nightlife if you went to chandigarh and did not experience the nightlife did you even go to chandigarh if you are visiting the city with your friends make sure you check out this cool place meant for all the nocturnal beings who want to have some crazy fun it s the first microbrewery in chandigarh and one of its kind experience the amazing nightlife in chandigarh here with your amigos .

Name: government museum art gallery
Location: 502 sector 10c chandigarh.
Entry Fee: 10 per person.
Description: government museum art gallery pay a visit if you are a history buff and looking for top places to visit in chandigarh then you must include government museum and art gallery in your list the museum was established in the year 1968 and it displays a commendable collection of traditional artifacts miniature paintings and stone sculptures some of the artifacts showcased here were earlier conserved in the central museum of lahore and after the construction of this museum post the partition they were brought here .

Name: shanti kunj park
Location: 16c sector 16 chandigarh.
Description: shanti kunj relax jog stroll around shanti kunj park is wedged between the rose garden sector 16 and the cricket stadium it is built for the locals to jog around and have some time with nature you will also find some outdoor exercise equipment for adults along with swings for kids it is a perfect place for families with kids to explore the best part about this park is that it is nourished by a natural stream of water that splits into five small islands .

Name: garden of fragrance
Location: fragrance garden.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: garden of fragrance treat your senses if you are tired of exploring the tourist places in chandigarh and want to relax somewhere then there can not be a better place than garden of fragrance which not only pleases your eyes but also your nose the garden is home to a variety of fragrant flowers and plants like raat ki rani demask rose haar shringar jasmine and many more the best part is that anyone can visit this place at any time whether traveling with family friends partner or kids you can explore this place in chandigarh for sure .

Name: national gallery of portraits
Location: chandigarh.
Description: national gallery of portraits admire the beautiful art you might not be aware of the fact that this museum was constructed for the freedom fighters of india the museum showcases rare documents portraits and recorded voices that are proof of the struggles that were endured by the fighters to be particular you will find recorded voices of mahatma gandhi as well as pandit jawahar lal nehru which will give you that perfect patriotic feel .

Name: museum
Location: madhya marg chandigarh.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: le corbusier center heaven for architectures how can anyone not know about le corbusier the famous architect who planned this city well there is a center built to tribute him and his works of city planning that are shared here you will not only find the planning drafts of chandigarh but also of places in america and japan this was actually his office where he worked which was transformed into a museum in the year 2008 so make sure that you head to this place and pay a tribute to the maker of chandigarh by including this center in your list of places to see in chandigarh .

Name: japanese garden
Location: sector 31 a sector 31 chandigarh.
Description: japanese garden a blend of natural beauty if you want to please your eyes with something beautiful then you must visit the japanese garden which is located in sector 31a in le corbusier planned city chandigarh while exploring the garden you will find several pagoda towers a buddha idol small waterfalls and many other structures that add to the beauty of this garden there are two phases of japanese garden that are interconnected via an underground tunnel which is decorated with beautiful artworks which is why it is included in the list of the top tourist places in chandigarh .

Name: international doll museum
Location: 23b chandigarh.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: international doll museum watch the pretty miniatures if you have not heard about this place before then you must include it in your list of places to see in chandigarh this international doll museum was constructed in the year 1985 which showcases around 250 dolls as well as puppets they are not only collected from india but also several other places like denmark germany spain and korea if you or your children are fond of dolls then you must head to this beautiful place in chandigarh .

Name: butterfly park park
Location: sector 26 chandigarh.
Description: butterfly park park one of the most beautiful places to explore in chandigarh is the butterfly park which is an amazing garden with manicured bushes it is home to a total of 35 different species of butterflies as the park facilitates the perfect environment for their breeding the fun fact about this place is that there is a special silence zone where loud and harsh sounds are prohibited if you want to witness some beautiful and colorful butterflies then you can include this place in your chandigarh itinerary .

Name: garden of silence
Location: kishangarh chandigarh.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: garden of silence silence all the inner chaos if you are looking for a peaceful place in chandigarh then you should not overlook the garden of silence which is a famous spot amongst people who meditate and seek silence the heart of the garden houses a huge idol of lord buddha which adds to the beauty of this place with shivalik ranges as the backdrop and green surroundings this garden gives a tranquil atmosphere to meditate for some time and relax your mind as it is one of the best things to do in chandigarh .

Name: gandhi museum
Location: sector 16 a sector 16 chandigarh.
Description: gandhi museum relive the history gandhi museum alias gandhi bhawan is considered to be one of the prominent landmarks and places to visit in chandigarh as the name suggests the museum is built as a tribute to mahatma gandhi which is why you will find a range of works books and material that reflect his life one of the most amazing facts about this museum is that it is located in the middle of a pond for the architecture of this museum the person to be praised is peirre jeanneret the cousin of le corbusier .

Name: chandigarhmedicaltourism
Location: sahib gurudwara barwala road.
Timings: am to pm.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: fun city have a day chandigarhmedicaltourism spread across an area of 43 acres this incredible and fun amusement park located in ramgarh is considered to be the biggest in north india offering some of the enthusiastic activities like the three landing pools and the wave pool there is a wide array of water rides available in various shapes and sizes which makes it one of the best tourist places in chandigarh for a fun day for both adults and kids .

Name: thunder zone
Location: road sawara punjab.
Timings: 10 am to pm.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: thunder zone get set for some adventure birchwoodbandb chandigarh is known for its fare chances of surprising its visitors and one of the famous places in chandigarh counts to be the thunder zone it is another fascinating adventure park which offers a wide array of things to enjoy and have a fun filled day with family and friends situated 13 kms away from the heart of the city this amusement park is spread across an area of 11 acres and offers some of the incredible rides which includes four large pools and a water park .

Name: botanical garden enjoy the greenery chandigarh medical tourism
Location: road.
Timings: 4 am to pm summers 4 am to pm winters.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: botanical garden enjoy the greenery chandigarh medical tourism this beautiful garden actually contains two gardens which is spread across chandigarh and offers a view of some of most symmetrical plants which are soothing to the eyes there is a wide range of plant species here which are exotic and evergreen one garden is located at the punjab university campus and the other is situated at the sukhna lake and rock garden .

Name: chandigarh tourism
Location: sector 3 chandigarh.
Timings: 5 am to 9 pm.
Description: bougainvillea garden surrounded by pink beauty chandigarh tourism quite a fascinating place to visit in chandigarh this beautiful garden is a home to around 50 varieties of bougainvillea which is a beautiful view to admire established in the year 1976 this garden is spread across an area of 20 acres from the arch pavilions to the arcades and cluster of bowers there is a lot to explore here at this garden .

Name: hibiscus garden
Location: sector 36 chandigarh.
Timings: 5 am to 9 pm.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: hibiscus garden amidst the beautiful trees located at in chandigarh this garden is quite a beautiful place to visit and admire nature s beautiful gifts intact in one place this garden was founded in the year of 1996 and offers around 40 varieties of hibiscus shrubs which is planted at an area of expanse museum of the evolution of life this is one of the most fascinating and unique places to visit in chandigarh especially for the science nerds the museum is known for showcasing the beautiful roadmap of human lives and also the study of evolution in an elaborate manner inside the museum there are astronomy prehistory and archaeology where the scientific and technical elaborations are displayed .

Name: open hand monument
Location: capitol complex sector 1 chandigarh.
Timings: 10 am 12 pm and 3 pm.
Entry Fee: free registration.
Description: open hand monument a unique art raakesh blokhra for wikipedia this is one of the most picturesque places to visit in chandigarh where one can witness the amazing artwork done by le corbusier the open hand monument is a gem which enlightens the capitol complex in chandigarh the architecture symbolizes the hand to give and the hand to take peace and prosperity and the unity of mankind .

