Name: naida caves
Location: diu daman.
Entry Fee: freehow to reach diu airport.
Description: naida caves explore the rock formations these natural cave formations are actually a work of rock modifications over the time by the portuguese people and served as the base camps for indian army during the operation vijay to reclaim diu from portuguese people these famous tourist places in diu have various interlinked areas with hewn staircases naida caves are located right outside the city boundaries of diu just 3 km away from the main city and are one of the most famous places to visit in diu .

Name: diu fort place fort diu
Location: fort road.
Entry Fee: bus taxi or car rental.
diu fort place fort diu was built by portuguese people.Description: diu fort place fort diu is located right beside the sea or on the sea shore and is one of the most iconic places to visit in diu you can enjoy a surreal view of the horizons from the fort and hear the crashing sea waves on the fort walls sending foam to its upper reaches the lighthouse is closed to the public the fort was .

Name: nagoa beach laze around nagoa beach
Location: diu daman diutimings sunrise and sunsetsentry.
Entry Fee: freehow.
Description: nagoa beach laze around nagoa beach is one of the most famous places to visit in diu and is home to stunning vast expanses of sand etched with trees and bounded with the warm waters of the arabian sea nagoa beach offers the best beach experience in diu and is home to the rare hoka trees one of the most fascinating diu sightseeing places you can enjoy lots of adventure sports in diu along with thrilling rides on camels and ponies sunsets sunrises long beach walks peaceful areas and local restaurants for enjoying local food and many luxurious villas in diu nagoa beach is wonderful .

Name: gangeshwar mahadev temple
Location: diu daman.
Entry Fee: freehow to reach arrive at diu airport.
gangeshwar mahadev temple was built by pandavas.Description: gangeshwar mahadev temple seek blessings gangeshwar mahadev temple is one of the top places to visit in diu and is very famous among the tourists river ganga is the presiding deity of the temple that is supposed to have been .

Name: ghoghla beach
Location: naentry.
Entry Fee: freehow.
Description: ghoghla beach soak in sun warmth ghoghla beach is one of the most famous places to explore in diu and is famous among the locals and tourists alike ghoghla beach is home to stunning coastal beauty and is a perfect destination for as there is no crowd here you can calmly soak in the warm sun and let the winds waft away your worries and tensions gradually out of many other diu famous places this beach is clean has restaurants offers water sports and has many famous homestays of diu .

Name: zampa gateway
Location: diu daman diutimings open 24 hoursentry .
Entry Fee: public transport or private conveyance.
Description: zampa gateway monument of national importance zampa gateway is also one of the best places to visit in diu that has a lot of history associated with it the bright red construction is a monument of national importance and has an artificial waterfall as well the monument is thronged by tourists every year its walls have paintings of lions ministers and heavenly attendants there is a simple chapel as well with a picture of the virgin mary and a child that dates back to 1702 .

Name: ins khukri memorial plunge into the history ins khukri memorial
Location: diu daman.
Entry Fee: freehow to reach from diu airport.
Description: ins khukri memorial plunge into the history ins khukri memorial is a monument built commemorating the ins khukri that sunk during the 1971 war between pakistan and india the submarine was shot with torpedoes and started to sink when the 18 officers and 176 sailors on it were issued the orders to save their lives and hand them over to the invaders however the officers chose to embrace death rather than surrendering to the enemies later the commanding officer captain mahendra nath mulla was awarded mahavir chakra posthumously the monument stands till date a reminder of the valiant soldiers and is visited by many tourists every year .

Name: sunset point witness the changing hues of sky sunset point
Location: daman.
Entry Fee: diu city.
Description: sunset point witness the changing hues of sky sunset point is also one of the famous places here that is also one of the best places to visit in diu at night the sunset point is a hillock located near chakratirth beach and is a dreamy place to witness the surreal beauty of sunset waves crashing on the rocks and rocks merging gradually with the water the sunset point is a stunning scenery at the time of sunrise and sunset .

Name: st paul church largest church in diu st paul church
Location: diu daman.
Entry Fee: freehow.
Description: st paul church largest church in diu st paul church is the largest church in diu which is also the only functional church here the building has a stunning architecture and has rich wood carvings volutes and marvellous exterior the church is dedicated to our lads of immaculate conception and was completed in 1601 ad the church is visited by many tourists all around the year .

Name: sea shell museum
Location: nagoa beach.
Entry Fee: freehow to reach the travelers can board the public and private conveyance.
Description: sea shell museum see colorful seashells sea shell museum is one of the top places to visit in diu that offers an engrossing display of artefacts and objects dating back to the past of diu the sea shell museum has a vast collection of different kinds of sea shells and is loved by kids as well it is an engaging place to visit with your kids and family .

Name: dinosaur park
Location: nagoa beach.
Timings: kids.
Entry Fee: nagoa beach road bus stand or a taxi.
Description: dinosaur park fun place for kids the dinosaur park in diu is a rather recent addition to the city s terrain and it has already turned into a major hit among families with kids and thrill seekers this ultra innovative themed park for kids is among the best diu tourist places and features life size dinosaur structures as well as other prehistoric creatures along with a large play area for kids without any restrictions on .

Name: fort st anthony of simbor
Location: simbor village.
Entry Fee: freehow to reach you will need to hire a cab or bike.
Description: simbor beach watch the waves clashing situated in the village of simbor in diu the pleasant beach of simbor boasts of unmatched serenity soothing surroundings and unparalleled beauty other than the sweeping picturesque vistas of the sea and the soft golden sands the beach also features the fort st anthony of simbor an old portuguese fort that now lies in ruins but still manages to attract people with its mystical charm and makes this beach one of the best tourist places in diu .

Name: chakratirth beach
Location: hillock khukhari diutimings.
Entry Fee: freehow.
Description: chakratirth beach a secluded place the lovable chakratirth beach is tucked on a secluded coast just on the outskirts of diu nestled in the midst of serene hills that blend into the arabian sea at the base this tranquil beach is an ideal .

Name: jalandhar beach
Location: diu daman.
Entry Fee: freehow.
Description: jallandhar beach go for water sports sourcelying 1 km away from the main city of diu the sunny jalandhar beach got its name from the notorious demon jallandhar and is among the finest places near diu apart from golden sands and pretty views of the ocean this beach also has a temple and a memorial the temple located here is dedicated to goddess chandrika whereas the memorial nestled on the top of a hill has a stone structure of the demon jallandhar but that s not all that makes it one of the best places to visit in diu the beach is also famous for a number of thrilling water sports and even serves as a great .

Name: a famous temple
Location: vanakbara gomtimata daman.
Entry Fee: freehow to reach you can hire a taxi or bike.
Description: gomtimata beach spend some gomtimata beach is among the best beaches in diu and is located in vanakbara village on the westernmost point of the diu it s one of those diu famous places that is absolutely secluded and is characterised by its natural white sand tranquil surroundings and expansive ocean views which make it perfect for a relaxing stroll sunbathing or any other activity you want to engage in during your there is also a famous temple located right next to this public beach .

Name: church of st francis of assisi
Location: unnamed road gujarat diu daman.
Entry Fee: nahow to reach a taxi or bus.
Description: church of st francis of assisi pay a visit if you re looking for diu sightseeing places that can offer a blend of history and architecture then you must visit the church of st francis of assisi one of the oldest churches in diu gujarat it was built in 1593 and later converted into a hospital before being restored to its marvelous splendor only recently as a testament to its long drawn history it bears decay in many parts that is enough to tell visitors how old it is its arches as well as the huge carved wooden altar with images of the virgin make it one of the most beautiful places to explore in diu .

Name: diu museum
Location: diu daman and diu 362520entry.
Entry Fee: to reach a taxi or bus.
Description: diu museum a restored church the diu museum is among the most famous diu tourist places and is a part of the st thomas church which was converted into a museum shortly after it was built in 1598 while the museum part is relatively new and the church area has been allowed to restore its former glory and ancient look you ll find that the building bears a worn out look and has faded portraits and paintings that the portuguese had left behind you ll also be mesmerised by the beautiful garden path that leads up to the museum one of the most attractive places to see in diu .

Name: diu sightseeing tour
Location: near diu fort diu gujarattimings.
Entry Fee: nahow to reach you can take a taxi.
Description: hoka trees spend some time with nature the hoka trees are a native plant species of the northern half of africa and some regions of the arabian peninsula which is why it always surprises people to find that a certain area of diu also bears these blooming trees which is in fact one of the most fascinating diu tourist places when you re driving around on your diu sightseeing tour you may come across a large population of these trees near the diu fort which are easily distinguishable owing to their peculiar structure and beauty you will even find that the enormous hoka seed derived from these trees is cooked and consumed by many locals in the diu and saurashtra region in fact the local tadi is prepared using these seeds .

Name: panikota fort the jail of diu
Location: daman diutimings 8 am 6 pmentry .
Entry Fee: freehow.
Description: panikota fort the jail of diu otherwise called as panikota fort is a famous diu jail that is located on an island in the bay of simbor the coast was located at a distance of approximately 46 kilometers from diu the fort was utilized as a jail from the portuguese as the island is surrounded by water from all sides it was perfect for inmates as they could not escape make sure that you visit it at least once as it is one of the famous places to visit in diu .

Name: chapel of our lady rosary
Location: chaukhandi stupa.
Entry Fee: freehow.
Description: chapel of our lady rosary admire the architecture nestled in old moti daman the establishment of this church can be dated back to the 17th century which is why it holds great significance and is counted among the best places to visit in diu the architecture is a reminiscence of architecture and portuguese influence the interior of the church is beautiful with shaped roof and tinted glass windows that fill the chapel with beautiful colors in the daylight .

