Name: mehrangarh fort
Entry Fee: 70.
mehrangarh fort was built by jodhpur royal family.Description: mehrangarh fort amongst the best jodhpur tourist places to visit it was built around 1460 a d by rao jodha mehrangarh fort is listed among the most magnificent hill forts of rajasthan no wonder it is one of the best places to visit in jodhpur rajasthan standing almost 100 feet above the city skyline the fort is built so flawlessly that you won t be able to make out where the hill ends and the walls begin making it one of the best places to see in jodhpur unbeatable and impressive this grandeur in red sandstone is wrapped in an eccentric beauty needless to say when travellers look forward to the most remarkable tourist attractions in jodhpur this fort is the foremost choice its huge thick walls surprise you with grand palaces inside that are ornamented with intricate carvings the colossal structure also boasts of a museum that displays fascinating and precious artworks of great historical value one of the most beautiful things to see in jodhpur mehrangarh fort invites you to an experience of a lifetime with its several cultural festivals such as the annual rajasthan international folk festival in october and the world sufi spirit festival in february so while making your list of jodhpur tourist attractions missing out on this splendour in stone is a .

Name: taj mahal of marwar
Entry Fee: 15.
taj mahal of marwar was built by maharaja.Description: jaswant thada your mehrangarh visit is coupled with a trip to jaswant thada that is certainly amongst the best jodhpur tourist places to visit standing adjacent to mehrangarh fort this is a cluster of majestic cenotaphs in white marble built in 1899 a d in memory of maharaja jaswant singh ii the main cenotaph of these holds portraits of various rathore rulers while visiting places in jodhpur at this place you will feel tranquillity all around also you will realize that it is more of a temple where deceased rulers are worshipped also known as the taj mahal of marwar the carvings of this monument are beautifully intricate a spectacular garden a pond and exquisitely carved gazebos manifold its charm visit it on a sunny day to behold its beauty in full bloom when it is kissed by sun rays the extremely thin marble sheets of which it is made up glow golden make a wish here locals believe that the monument grants your wishes .

Name: umaid bhavan palace
Entry Fee: 10 per child.
umaid bhavan palace was built by rajputana.Description: umaid bhavan palace umaid bhavan palace is one of the visited places in jodhpur when it comes to witnessing the luxurious side of the city step into scrumptious luxury at umaid bhavan palace jodhpur a celebrated destination when it comes to famous places in jodhpur among the largest private residences on the globe this palace is named after maharaja umaid singh grandfather of the current owner gaj singh crowned with several features that make it an exquisite structure the palace has 347 rooms and a part of it is operated by the taj group of hotels one of the best places to see in jodhpur this palace holds a prominent position among places to see in jodhpur a museum is also housed in a part of this magnificent structure don t miss to see its galleries housing various regal items one gallery dedicated to displaying a variety of an item for instance a gallery showcases a host of royal clocks and one of those displays royal vintage cars make sure you visit the grandeur spread in every nook and corner of this palace so if you wish to see the best tourist attractions of rajasthan make sure to plan a vacay to jodhpur and explore this magnificent spot .

Name: the shrine of the three hundred million gods
Entry Fee: No.
the shrine of the three hundred million gods was built by maharaja.Description: mandore gardens mandore gardens is one of the most beautiful places to visit in jodhpur city jodhpur sightseeing is incomplete without visiting these gardens brimming with cenotaphs old temples and several other madore garden is another wonderful destination to take you for a trip back in time the hall of heroes dedicated to rajput folk heroes and several deities stands close to the cenotaphs their statues are carved in stone and flamboyant the shrine of the three hundred million gods is another attraction of this garden climb up the hill to have a look at the ruined city of mandore with its old palace and beware of langur monkeys in this garden they play around in hordes .

Name: osian temples
Entry Fee: camel safari.
osian temples was built by pratihar raja vaasta.Description: osian temples for one of the best jodhpur sightseeing experiences here s another on the list of places to visit in jodhpur and around is osian this destination awaits you at a distance of 65 km from jodhpur in the ancient desert town of osian baptized as osian temples these 15 beautifully sculpted hindu and jain temples invite you hailing from the 7th and 8th centuries these sacred places prove the architectural proficiency of ancient india make sure that you visit sun temple here with other famous places in jodhpur as it is the oldest of all .

Name: rao jodha desert rock park
Entry Fee: 30 per adult inr 10 per student.
Description: rao jodha desert rock park spread over 72 hectares of land the rao jodha desert rock park in jodhpur is a park near the mehrangarh fort the park was created in 2006 to restore the ecology of a rocky area and encourage the greenery around it the park features more than 80 different plant species from the popular thar desert rao jodha desert rock park is one of the most peaceful places to visit in jodhpur take a stroll through the park and enjoy the rawness of desert vegetation for the best jodhpur sightseeing experience .

Name: ghanta ghar ghanta ghar
Entry Fee: No.
ghanta ghar ghanta ghar was built by maharaja sardar singh.Description: ghanta ghar ghanta ghar popularly known as clock tower is one of the most popular places to visit in jodhpur located next to sardar market this ghanta ghar was .

Name: bishnoi village
Entry Fee: free.
Description: bishnoi village another interesting thing to explore in jodhpur is planning a visit to bishnoi village it is among the best places to see in jodhpur the village is known for its cultural activities and you can enjoy camel trek cane spotting desert excursion village walk etc you must check out the amazing art and handicraft collection here .

Name: kaylana lake kaylana lake
Entry Fee: No.
kaylana lake kaylana lake was built by pratap.Description: kaylana lake kaylana lake is one of the most beautiful artificial lakes that is located in the west of jodhpur the lake is spread over an area of 84 square kilometres and welcomes visitors throughout the year it is one of the best jodhpur places to visit for a fun vacay .

Name: tripolia market
Entry Fee: prices.
Description: tripolia market if you wish to buy some exclusive jodhpuri style outfits and footwear then do head to tripolia market listed among the best places to visit in jodhpur for shopping you can check out some really amazing collections of batik sarees wooden handicrafts metal accessories here visiting this popular market is one of the best things to do in jodhpur .

Name: balsamand lake
Entry Fee: No.
balsamand lake was built by jaipur.Description: balsamand lake if you are looking for a perfect getaway from jodhpur city then balsamand lake is located at a distance of 5 kilometers from the main city and is known for offering scenic beauty the place is located amidst the lush green ambiance and the stunning royal pathways enhances the beauty of this place .

Name: chand baori chand baori
Entry Fee: 40 per person.
chand baori chand baori was built by king chanda.Description: chand baori chand baori is a famous step well of jodhpur that was established in the 9th century this stunning step well is amongst the world s largest step well and lures travelers with its distinctive features the step well is 64 feet deep and has 13 floors making it the biggest stepwell in india this is quite popular among jodhpur tourist places .

Name: rai ka bag palace rai ka bag palace
Entry Fee: No.
rai ka bag palace rai ka bag palace was built by hadiji 12 best places that exemplify the nightlife.Description: rai ka bag palace rai ka bag palace is located in the old city of jodhpur and is visited by almost every visitor it the the oldest attraction of this city and lures travelers with its exquisite beauty the palace was constructed by royal queen in 1663 it is among the famous places to see in jodhpur .

Name: toorji ka jhalra
Entry Fee: No.
toorji ka jhalra was built by maharaja abhay singh.Description: toorji ka jhalra another popular step well in jodhpur is toorji ka jhalra the step well plays a significant role during the festival of gangaur which is a women s festival currently there are numerous shops and cafes at the spot making it one of the most popular places to see in jodhpur .

Name: trophy bar
Description: trophy bar if you are looking for a looking for a luxuriating dinner spot in the city then don t forget to head to trophy bar the interesting sports theme of this place makes it one of its kind as it is located in umaid bhawan palace you will be catching the true glimpse of royal rajasthani culture here the place is known to serve the best an authentic jodhpuri cuisine this is one of the most popular jodhpur tourist places offering a quality time price inr for twoopening hours am to pm 10 reasons why jaipur is one of the most romantic cities in .

Name: raas haveli
Description: raas haveli another most popular jodhpur places to visit is raas haveli that offers options including the delicious mediterranean cuisine if you are willing to eat something really healthy and fresh then don t miss out having a meal here price inr for two opening hours 24 hours .

Name: palace of flowers
Entry Fee: inr 20 indians inr 250.
palace of flowers was built by maharaja abhay singh.Description: phool mahal phool mahal also known as palace of flowers is one of the most beautiful places to see in jodhpur the palace was .

Name: mahamandir temple
Entry Fee: free.
Description: mahamandir one of the best places to see in jodhpur is mahamandir temple the temple is carved with 84 pillars that are the main reason for attracting so many tourists to the temple apart from marveling at its beauty you can seek prayers at the temple and have a peaceful experience .

Name: bullet baba temple
Entry Fee: free.
Description: om banna temple pali is a city in jodhpur that is a famous place amongst the locals as well as tourists in pali there is a very popular temple which goes by the name bullet baba temple om banna temple originally has a story wherein a traveler who was riding a royal enfield on nh65 passed away at that site in his memory and for a safe journey while traveling by nh65 people made a temple in his name the temple comprises of a bike instead of a deity and people offer their worship to the bike you won t find such a unique temple anywhere else so make sure you visit it during your trip .

Name: chamunda mata temple
Entry Fee: free.
Description: chamunda mata temple chamunda mata temple is very significant to the culture of the city and for the people of jodhpur located at the end of mehrangarh fort the temple offers beautiful views and is known to save the city from all the troubles it is said that the kings and queens used to visit the temple for daily offerings it is one of the tourist places in jodhpur for a peaceful vacation .

Name: umaid heritage art school
Entry Fee: No.
Description: umaid heritage art school if you are keen to learn some art then you should head to this art school located in jodhpur it is an art gallery as well as a school for learning art here you will get to witness the traditional art form of rajasthan the good part is that popular artists are linked with the school and you can learn painting sketching in rajasthani style the school is run by renowned artist mr vijay raj .

Name: sardar government museum
Entry Fee: No.
sardar government museum was built by henry .Description: sardar government museum located in umaid bagh sardar government museum is one of the best tourist places in jodhpur this government museum offers an insight into the history of jodhpur you will find things like weapons old sculptures paintings and more that speak of the royal times of the city the museum is segregated into four sections archaeological armoury history and arts you can visit them one by one and have a heartwarming experience .

Name: splash water park
Entry Fee: heat of jodhpur.
splash water park was built by ghiyasu tughlaq umaid bhawan palace.Description: splash water park if you want to escape the hustle and bustle of the city and want to experience something new exciting and refreshing the splash water park offers various rides that will enthrall you up from head to toe it attracts a lot of visitors from the city and is located in its vicinity so on your next holiday with your family you can consider visiting this famous jodhpur tourist place .

Name: masuriya hill garden
Entry Fee: hero of .
Description: masuriya hill garden located on the top of masuriya hills this garden is known for offering a view of the city of jodhpur that anybody would die for moreover it offers lush greenery and an abundance of flora in the garden you will also find a statue of veer durgadas rathore who was one of the revolutionaries in the marwari community undoubtedly it is one of the best tourist places in jodhpur .

Name: shastri circle
Entry Fee: No.
Description: shastri circle you might be thinking what to do on the last day of your trip when you have covered everything and there is less time before you catch your well shastri circle is another famous jodhpur tourist places that comes into the scene in such cases it is a hangout place for the locals where you will find a playground for children various eateries and a fountain that offers light and sound shows .

Name: ranisar padamsar lake
Entry Fee: 24 hours.
Description: ranisar padamsar lake sisters the two famous lakes are located at the other end of the fort this is what you will get to know about these two beautiful places in jodhpur these lakes were of very good use in the old times as they were the of water in those times for the people representing the ancient water systems the lakes provide a scenic view and tranquillity and is among the best places to see in jodhpur .

Name: fun world
Entry Fee: jodhpur.
Description: fun world immortal shots for pexels a complete family entertainment place fun world is one of the best places to visit in jodhpur it is one of a kind resort in jodhpur equipped with facilities and amenities for a fun day out the luxury resort houses 50 rooms and provides a peaceful and fresh environment for you to relax the waterpark has a big swimming pool while the amusement park has amazing water slides head here for one of a kind experience with your closed ones .

Name: sardar market acred for wikimedia sardar market
Entry Fee: No.
Description: sardar market acred for wikimedia sardar market is among the popular tourist places in jodhpur for all the shopaholics it is named after maharaja sardar singh selling wide variety of items like silver jewellery spices pottery vegetables local fabrics it is one of the busiest markets in jodhpur not only can you shop here but you can also try local food items .

Name: khejarla fort
Entry Fee: 24 hours.
khejarla fort was built by maharaja of jodhpur.Description: khejarla fort official website of fort khejrala have you ever wondered about the life of royal kings living in splendid castles if yes then visiting this famous khejrala fort will be one of a kind experience for you it is among the best jodhpur tourist places and is a for those who want to experience the rich culture of ancient india the fort is a perfect example of a good blend of royal and rural it is an ancient monument that has been converted now into an ancient hotel .

Name: machia biological park
Entry Fee: inr 30.
machia biological park was built by maharaja.Description: machia biological park rijin for wikimedia disclaimer the is for representation purposes only located about 8 km from the city machia biological park is one of the best places to visit in jodhpur for nature lovers it is home to multiple wild animals like wolves lions jackals tigers deer sloth leopards gharial and porcupines there is also a spot for bird watching for the best experience visit the park early in the morning .

Name: flying fox sbohra
Location: jai pol jodhpur.
Description: flying fox sbohra go on a thrilling glide across two desert lakes and relish the exotic views of mehrangarh with flying fox in jodhpur this adventurous activity consists of 6 zip lines up to 300 meters these zip lines soar high above the state countryside and offer breathtaking views of chokeloa palace and garden mehrangarh fort balsamand lake palace ranisar lake and the rao jodha park charges inr 1700 onwards opening hours am to pm .

Name: nirali dhani chayandunks7
Location: siddhanath circle near chopasni filter house.
Description: nirali dhani chayandunks7 offering a fantastic rajasthani menu the place brims with authenticity condenses the cultural bonanza of the state one of the most famous jodhpur places to visit that features a traditional setting here the thali is served like nowhere else and you ll get unlimited food for as many times you want not only the food but even the place is also a perfect depiction of rajasthani architecture and obviously the dining options are parted into jiman padharo sa and jo hukum bar starting price inr 100 opening hours pm to pm throughout the week .

Name: takhat sagar lake
Location: takhat sagar hills.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: takht sagar lake amanjeev for wikimedia one of the surreal and tranquil situated near the city of jodhpur is takhat sagar lake the lake is situated on the outskirts of the city and is a gorgeous place to go for a drive to it is dotted by lush greenery and is a quiet area this not very famous destination offers a refreshing break for all the travelers here one can witness stunning views of the sunset so don t delay any further to plan your trip see what all jodhpur tourism has to offer .

Name: sardar samand lake
Location: sardar samand lake.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: sardar samand lake dr rushikesh joshi for wikimedia this is one of the best jodhpur places to visit that will give you a whole other definition of tranquility the lake is located close to the city of jodhpur and offers lush green views to travelers here you ll see many exotic species of migratory birds which enhances the beauty of the lake thus the place is good for bird watching .

Name: on the rocks
Location: circuit house rd ajit colony.
Description: on the rocks a one of a kind restaurant that is located in the magnificent blue city of jodhpur the place is ideal for dining in with your family and friends it is one of the opulent places to visit in jodhpur and it strikes the perfect balance between quaint and contemporary get to this place to enjoy a fusion of tradition royalty and grandeur opening hours pm to pm and pm to pm .

Name: garden zoo
Location: jodhpur.
Entry Fee: 3 per person.
Description: umed garden zoo taj hotels resorts and palaces for wikimedia explore the wilderness of this place as this is home to some of the exotic wildlife species one can explore and witness migratory birds soothe themselves amidst the greenery and spot animals at this abode the place is suitable for both adults and children .

Name: a desert museum
Location: arna vihar.
Entry Fee: 200.
Description: arna jharna avinashpatni000 for wikimedia a desert museum that has an actual waterfall inside its premises which makes it all the more stunning the museum preserves rajasthani artworks in the form of paintings and sculptures and is spread over an area of around 10 acres it also conducts workshops live music and dance sessions that the travellers can attend .

Name: guda lake
Location: bishnoi village village guda bishnoi jodhpur.
Entry Fee: 24 hours from monday to saturday .
Description: guda lake notorious4life for wikimedia from blackbucks to deers various animals can be seen drinking water on the shores of this lake enjoy the stunning beauty of this lake with your travel buddies and see what jodhpur tourism has to offer for you .

Name: mishrilal lassi vala mishrilal lassi wala
Location: jodhpur.
Description: mishrilal lassi vala mishrilal lassi wala has been operating for more than 50 years for the past few years it has settled a legacy of serving flavorous drinks from thick delicious lassis to freshly prepared namkeens you ll find l kinds of local snacks served here the extra layer of malai on the top is like a cherry on the cake that s what makes the lassi just delicious not just the natives but the tourists from various places come here to savour a sweet glass of pure heaven opening hours am to pm .

Name: khichan bird sanctuary
Entry Fee: No.
Description: khichan bird sanctuary chinmayisk for wikimedia a village in rajasthan where this sanctuary is situated it s a popular tourist attraction one of the jodhpur places to visit khichan bird sanctuary is located right next to a lake in khichan where you can spot multiple species of bird species that migrate from other regions the place offers stunning views don t miss this on your to jaisalmer from jodhpur .

Name: dhawa doli wildlife sanctuary
Entry Fee: No.
dhawa doli wildlife sanctuary was built by jodhpur.Description: dhawa doli wildlife sanctuary one of the best places to visit in jodhpur dhawa doli wildlife sanctuary is famous for sites fascinating wildlife while visiting here you can witness indian antelopes in large numbers furthermore animals like wild buffalo blue bull wild boar gaur or bison black buck antelope chinkara and chital can also be spotted in the wildlife sanctuary fauna here is quite intriguing as the sanctuary boasts many types of trees including khejri tree kumat tree banyan tree pipar tree and more .

Name: salt city
Location: europe.
Entry Fee: 3 or 4 days.
Description: phalodi jodhpur nestled in the phalodi tehsil in jodhpur phalodi is popularly known as the salt city owing to its numerous salt industries the town further features several notable historic structures namely phalodi fort lal niwas and more while visiting jodhpur you must spend a day or two in this town .

