Name: bellagio casino
Location: las vegas blvd las vegas must read shopping in las vegas.
Description: bellagio casino fountain show2 high roller ferris wheel3 hoover dam4 stratosphere5 the mob museum6 paris las vegas7 the strip8 red rock canyon national conservation area9 the neon museum10 mgm grand csi bellagio casino fountain show the bellagio is a spectacular resort with a number of gems hidden away in its corridors you can visit the gallery of fine arts botanical gardens as well as the conservatory here the place houses several restaurants as well as a spa and salon apart from the legendary bellagio casino which is one of the biggest las vegas tourist attractions apart from all this the beautiful fountain here is another famous feature every fifteen or so minutes the fountain goes off with a beautiful showcase of water along with a music set this fountain show is a must if you are looking for free things to see in las vegas .

Name: high roller ferris wheel
Location: 3545 s las vegas blvd.
Entry Fee: inr 2000.
Description: high roller ferris wheel what better to do than ride a ferris wheel in sin city located at the linq promenade this wheel is the icon of the city standing at 550 feet high this observation wheel gives a full panoramic view of the city as well as its most famous destination the strip one full rotation will take about 30 minutes the capsules or cabins usually have around thirty to forty people each riding the wheel at night offers an even more spectacular view of las vegas in its glory .

Name: hoover dam
Location: las vegas.
Description: hoover dam this magnificent dam built on the colorado river houses lake mead which is the largest water reservoir in the country moreover the dam built in 1935 provides electricity to three different states nevada california and arizona you should also add grand canyon and hoover dam in your list of places to visit in the usa both these attractions can be covered in a you can even take a helicopter ride to get aerial views of the city along with those of the beautiful grand canyon .

Name: stratosphere tower
Location: 2000 s las vegas blvd.
Description: stratosphere another entry on places of interest in las vegas is the beautiful and breathtaking stratosphere tower at a height of almost 1150 feet the tower offers a number of good reasons to drop by you can enjoy some thrill rides on the top like skyjump insanity and big shot and if you are someone who does not enjoy the adrenaline rush the outdoor deck offers some great views of the city making it one of the best places in las vegas .

Name: national museum of organized crime and law enforcement
Location: 300 stewart ave las vegastimings.
Entry Fee: inr 2000 suggested read 10 most exciting day trips from las vegas.
Description: the mob museum officially called the national museum of organized crime and law enforcement this place will remind you of the you have seen in hollywood movies the museum and its exhibits are an attempt to document the story of the mob in the usa through technology with exhibits portraying individuals fashion trends and even the cultural events of the time the video clips and other portrayal is quite interactive making it a must on all the las vegas sightseeing tours .

Name: paris las vegas
Location: 3655 s las vegas blvd.
Entry Fee: inr 1200.
Description: paris las vegas what can be better than covering two cities in one day the paris las vegas gives you the chance to do just that located outside the resort is the model of eiffel tower which makes into most of the las vegas pictures you will also find a paris opera house along with the romantic eiffel tower restaurant in the building take the lift to the floor and enjoy the views of the city just like you would have on the eiffel tower itself if you are going with your partner it is hands down one of the best places to visit in las vegas .

Name: the strip the strip
Location: sahara avenue to russell road las vegas.
Description: the strip the strip is the answer if you don t know where to go in las vegas usa this almost long section runs through the middle of sin city and is lined with luxury resorts theme places grand restaurants and jubilant casinos it is even better to visit the strip at night as the whole city is then illuminated with yellow lights and neon signs making it an enthralling experience frankly all the best places to see in las vegas are either around or near the strip .

Name: red rock canyon
Location: 1000 scenic loop dr las vegastimings.
Description: red rock canyon national conservation area there a number of guided tours available for red rock canyon which will take you far away from the lights and noise of the city enjoy the serene long drive to the desert in the middle of nowhere take a hike here or simply enjoy the mojave desert with its red hills options are limitless which makes red rock a star feature in las vegas tourism scene .

Name: the neon museum
Location: las vegas blvd.
Description: the neon museum this museum is a homage to the city itself las vegas has always been the home to some of the brightest neon signs on the side of the streets the museum basically is an effort to store showcase and refurbish these signs which have been in use for years the guides tell the history of the signs displayed some of these pieces are restored and some are in their original condition as the whole pieces could not be recovered .

Name: mgm grand
Location: europe.
Description: mgm grand csi one of the best las vegas attractions for adults mgm grand offers csi the experience you can thus test out your detective skills by participating in this simulated version of the popular tv series the grand restaurant along the beautiful pool in this resort is a sight for sore eyes .
