Name: walt disney world
Timings: opening hours.
Entry Fee: 102 and above per person.
Description: walt disney world every kid s paradise travis wise by flickr being one of the most best places to visit in orlando with toddlers walt disney world is the perfect attraction to visit with your family it has four parks such as the magic kingdom epcot hollywood studios and animal kingdom and all of them are equally thrilling you can indulge in as many experiences as you like and click a zillion pictures while letting the kid within rejoice .

Name: lake eola park
Timings: all the daysentry.
Entry Fee: 15.
Description: lake eola park a gem in the city situated in the heart of downtown orlando point of interest like the lake eola park is certainly a place you wouldn t want to miss built around a lake this park is one peaceful spot in the city which also keeps its visitors entertained through various fairs and festivals throughout the year from interacting with the locals to taking a ride on the swan boat there s a lot you can do in the park .

Name: coca cola orlando eye
Timings: am to pm.
Entry Fee: 24.
Description: orlando eye soar high and see the city if heights and heartwarming views are something that tickle your fancy then the coca cola orlando eye is the newest orlando attraction to visit the tall eye features glass capsules in which you can ride and enjoy the breathtaking bird s eye view of the city this is the most unique and phenomenal experience to have in florida and we can vouch for it .

Name: seaworld orlando
Timings: am to pm on monday am to pm from tuesday to thursday.
Entry Fee: 99 99.
Description: seaworld orlando play with the friendly whales famous for its massive aquariums dolphin and whale shows and many fun rides this place ought to be a part of your orlando sightseeing tour from calming your adventurous side to treating the lover in you the place does it all while you can t really feed the dolphins now interacting with them in the pool or petting them is still allowed .

Name: universal park
Timings: closing hours.
Entry Fee: 115 and above.
Description: universal orlando spend a day with minions and more if you are traveling with your partner or have kids who prefer a theme park without disney characters then the universal park is the ultimate place to visit the park boasts innumerable rides a sneak peek into steven spielberg s work of art and interesting characters like the minions since it s so huge in size it is almost difficult to see the whole of it at once so prefer buying a pass especially if this place is on the top of your bucket list .

Name: discovery cove
Timings: am to pm.
Entry Fee: 170.
Description: discovery cove see the world underneath water located next to the seaworld orlando discovery cove is one of the best places to visit in orlando interacting with the underwater creatures indulging in adventures like snorkeling along a coral reef wading among stingrays and swimming with the dolphins are some of the most impeccable experiences to have here and not just this but you can also interact with some of the exotic birds in the large aviary .

Name: the science centre
Timings: am to pm.
Entry Fee: 20 95.
Description: orlando science center haven for the science buffs if you think the theme or amusement parks are all that orlando has got then you re mistaken in orlando places to visit also include the science centre which is a spectacular attraction for pampering the science buff in you the number of experiences and exhibits it has are endless and none of it is something you d ever witnessed before .

Name: amusement park
Timings: am to pm.
Entry Fee: a few dollars.
Description: old town shop till you drop of all the attractions old town is one of the places to visit in orlando for free which is the least popular yet the most incredible place to see the charm fun amusement park outdoor shopping mall and classic car shows are only some of the highlights of this place its beauty is indeed a testimony to the fact that there s nothing that isn t there in orlando .

Name: lake eola park
Timings: am to pm.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: harry p leu botanical gardens a green paradise r9 studios fl by flickr in orlando florida attractions like the lake eola park are not the only one of its kind the harry p leu botanical gardens which are also known as the leu gardens are a paradise in the city and also another place to see if you re looking for an alternative to or a similar place like eola apart from witnessing the unique plants you can also host a variety of events here .

Name: basilica of the national shrine of mary
Timings: am to pm.
Entry Fee: expensive.
Description: basilica of the national shrine of mary an architecture to adore of all the orlando tourist attractions the basilica of the national shrine of mary queen of the universe is the most beautiful and unique place to see filled with bright lights this latin basilica has got a spectacular architecture which has been attracting thousands of visitors over the years if not anything else its classic design would surely leave you in awe .
