Name: eiffel tower
Location: champ de mars.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: eiffel tower thedigitalartist for pixabay among all the best places in paris the first thing that pops into our head when talking about the city is the eiffel tower the eiffel tower is a lattice tower made of wrought iron and one of the most important place to see in paris built in 1889 it s not just the city s tallest structure but also a cultural icon for all of france in effiel tower visitors can explore three levels with restaurants and shops on the lower floors and breathtaking panoramic views from the top the eiffel tower is one of the top 10 places to visit in paris this is a place where you can have a completely different experience thus it is not only one of the topmost tourist attractions in the city .

Name: the louvre shutterstock
Location: 75001 paris franceopening.
Description: the louvre shutterstock situated in the heart of the city the louvre is the most visited and most popular art museum and gallery in the entire world it is also amongst the most beautiful places to visit in paris in one day spread over a sprawling hectares this museum nestled in the royal fort also called the louvre the relics of the same are still visible in the basement area one of the most popular places to visit in paris is a lavish and exotic museum divided into several sections these sections include egyptian antiquities oriental antiquities islamic art greek and roman art and more from the medieval period .

Name: notre dame cathedral
Location: cathedral of paris 6.
Description: notre dame cathedral iankelsall1 for pixabay notre dame is a famous and beautiful roman catholic cathedral it is one of the many places to visit in paris the gothic style architecture the amazing sculptures and the gargoyles fascinate every traveller its beauty lies in its ruins and domed roof if you want to witness the beautiful architecture in paris then this is the place to be moreover it has a unique charm to itself which is simply hard to ignore no wonder the place one of the most visited places in paris local guides reminisce and impart tales about different points of interest small shops and eateries in the neighbourhood see the heavy inflow of tourists just because of travellers piqued interest in the cathedral hence this place has a lot to offer so make sure that you are ready for a great experience at the notre dame cathedral in paris .

Name: the arch of triumph
Location: pl charles de gaulle 75008.
Description: arc de triomphe alexandre prevot for wikimedia commons honour of the imperial army in the 19th century the arch of triumph is an excellent structure and one of the most famous places in paris the amazing sculptures pillar carvings and engraved victory tales on the arc are the elements of beauty here the beauty of the place lies in its beautiful architecture it is guaranteed that you are sure to get mesmerized by the amazing architecture of the place because of its beautiful architecture the place is so popular among tourists throughout the year thousands of tourists visit the place thus make sure that you check the place on your list .

Name: montmartre
Location: montmartre 75018.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: montmartre montmartre is a hillock located north of paris and renowned for the basilica and the bustling square of tertre this highland attracts a plethora of tourists this crossroad always has painters and sculptors creating fascinating creations inspired by their surroundings montmartre has been an inspiration to many eminent artists such as claude monet pablo picasso vincent van gogh and amedeo modigliani in the past this is among the top 10 places to visit in paris for all the art lovers out there if you wish to witness beautiful artwork in the city of paris then this is the place to be additionally you can witness the great artwork around the place .

Name: palace of versailles
Location: place d armes 78000.
Entry Fee: on the days of the musical fountains and .
Description: palace of versailles mirabella for wikipedia wondering what to see in paris in 3 days built as an emblem of french supremacy the palace of versailles is one of the most popular world heritage and cool places to visit in paris this gigantic and awesome structure boasts landscaped gardens exotic décor an amazing terrace and a charming display of artwork of the renaissance era the palace of versailles is listed as a world heritage site for 30 years in addition it is one of the greatest achievements of french art the palace today contains over rooms each designed uniquely the magnificence of the palace is truly hard to ignore making it one of the destinations to your paris trip in a itinerary .

Name: palais garnier
Location: pl de l opéra 75009.
Entry Fee: temple of .
Description: palais garnier palais garnier is an opera house in paris formerly known as salle des capucines often referred to as opéra garnier this was the chief centre of paris opera a famous group of opera artists in the city presently it mainly stages mesmerising ballet shows the mesmerising and pretty wooden carvings paintings and artwork displayed in the main façade stairway stage fly tower grand foyer and pavilions make it a major paris point of interest thus this is one of the top 10 places to visit in paris .

Name: quartier latin
Location: latin quarter paris franceopening.
Description: quartier latin nestled on the bank of the seine quartier latin tops the list of tourist attractions in paris it houses many renowned educational institutions like ecole des mines de paris schola cantorum ecole polytechnique and ecole normale superieure luxembourg park is the private landscape garden surrounding the senate house known for its picturesque fountains the garden also hosts many sports championships including the championship of france tennis .

Name: moulin rouge
Location: 82 bd de clichy 75018.
Entry Fee: honeymoon.
Description: moulin rouge as the birthplace of french cancan moulin rouge is a vintage and classic cabaret venue located at the base of montmartre highland formerly a seat for courtship dance moulin rouge now is a nicely decorated and extravagant cabaret house and of course one of the most fascinating paris tourist places the building sizzling music and romantic décor make it one of the best places to go in paris at night also if you re looking for unusual places to visit in paris france this might top some of the travellers lists .

Name: disneyland
Location: bd de parc 77700.
Entry Fee: 00.
Description: disneyland bunzellisa for pixabay a vibrant colourful cheerful and always bustling amusement park disneyland is one of the immensely popular tourist destinations in paris disneyland in paris is not only popular among kids but also among adults originally known as euro disney resort this is one of the most famous places to visit in paris disneyland is famous for super fun rides shows animated movies rallies and exciting moments of meeting your favourite characters from exploring the disney arcade roaming in street vehicles discovering the little word to visiting the princess pavilion or clicking with favourite characters like mickey or the list has it all if you are looking forward to spending a day with your kids in paris then this is the place to be .

Name: place de la concorde
Location: 75008.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: place de la concorde place de la concorde is the largest square in france built in honour of king louis xv s recovery this place referred to one of the popular points of interest in paris initially there was a statue of the king but later the statute replaced by a statute of freedom known as liberté presently the square surrounding the statue of the king is a bustling one decorated with fountains and other figures .

Name: chappelle
Location: 10 bd du palais.
Description: as a perfect and glorious example of architecture was the former residence of the king of france it is now a beautiful chappelle with marvellous décor and display a restored national historic monument it is mostly visited by history enthusiasts and photographers and is considered one of the places to visit in paris today the place is one of the most popular places to visit in the city the chappelle is known to house several christian relics including christ s thorn acquired by saint louis you can witness all of these precious possessions only at the sainte chapelle .

Name: centre pompidou
Location: 75004.
Entry Fee: suggested read bakeries .
Description: centre pompidou perched in the beaubourg area centre georges pompidou is a fascinating and complex structure designed with superb intelligence and expertise also known as pompidou centre this building houses a library a museum and a centre for music and acoustic research it is also the venue for several renowned exhibitions in france organised every year the collection of vintage as well as contemporary art here is truly amazing .

Name: musee d orsay
Location: esplanade valéry giscard.
Description: musee d orsay musee d orsay is one of the most popular museums in paris displaying some magnificent artwork and sculptures paintings of eminent artists like berthe morisot jean auguste dominique ingres eugène carrière johan barthold jongkind etc are put up here for visitors the place is a hot favourite amongst art enthusiasts culture followers and history buffs thus it is truly one of the most famous tourist places in paris .

Name: the basilica
Location: parvis du 35 rue du chevalier.
Entry Fee: suggested read new year .
Description: edmondlafoto for pixabay atop montmartre the basilica is a stunning tourist destination in paris reflecting features this basilica has immense spiritual significance the portico arches and walls show off nationalist themes while the garden area for meditation and fountain are perfect for solemn serenity and mental peace the use of a camera is strictly banned inside the basilica .

Name: tuileries garden
Location: place de la concorde 75001.
Description: tuileries garden this is one of the most romantic places to visit in paris located next to the louvre this is a beautiful place to visit in the city the majority of the visitors visit the garden to enjoy the afternoon sun while gazing at the french formal garden design the garden has a beautiful view which is going to calm your mind if you wish to spend some quality time with your loved ones then this is the place to be the garden also has a small amusement park which is a perfect spot for you to enjoy with your kids this place is ideal for travellers on vacation with their families when in paris you must visit this wonderful place once .

Name: musée de l orangerie
Location: jardin tuileries.
Entry Fee: 9 euros.
Description: musée de l orangerie if you are an art lover then this is the ideal destination for you in the city of paris this impressionist art gallery situated in the west corner of the tuileries garden the gallery is renowned for displaying the famous eight murals of water lilies by monet other than that you can also enjoy viewing other masterpieces by famous artists like picasso and renoir art happens to be an important part of the french countryside and therefore there is every need for you to visit this beautiful art gallery visiting paris and not exploring any art gallery makes your trip an incomplete one so make sure that you squeeze in some time to visit this wonderful art gallery in paris .

Name: pantheon
Location: paris franceopening am to pmentry.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: pantheon it is nestled in the dynamic latin quarter houses is a crypt that contains the tombs of famous french figures tombs of victor hugo marie curie and voltaire are contained at this place this is one of the most important places to visit in paris by visiting this place you also get to explore the surroundings of the latin quarter latin quarter is a lively student neighbourhood which is mainly known for bookstores bistros and cheerful cafes you can explore all of these by visiting this place in paris .

Name: jardin du luxembourg
Location: 75006 paris franceopening.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: jardin du luxembourg located on the left bank of the river seine luxembourg park is a beautiful place to visit in paris the place has a charm of its own which never fails to impress its visitors if you are a sucker for beautiful views then this is the place to be the place is ideal for a family picnic the lush green surroundings of the place are the best way to take a break from the busy life of the city the serene beauty of the place is going to provide you with relief from the hustling and bustling city life if you wish to spend a nice cosy afternoon with your loved ones then you can very well visit this place inside the park is the palais du luxembourg which too worth a visit overall this is a great place to spend some quality time with your family .

Name: saint germain des pres
Location: 75006.
Description: saint germain des pres this place is also located along the river seine this parisian neighbourhood is mainly known for its galleries upscale shops trendy cafes and restaurants the place has a lot of things to offer if you are to visit this place make sure that you spend a full day here you can explore a lot of things in the area you can enjoy a nice cosy time in one of the cafes or restaurants in the area after long hours of exploration visitors should also be informed that the place is also famous for its thriving nightlife so if you want to have a memorable night in paris then this is the place to be thus this is one of the places in the city of paris .

Name: musee picasso
Location: 5 rue de thoringy.
Entry Fee: 12 50 euros.
Description: musee picasso if you are an art lover and have always been admiring the work of picasso then musee picasso is a place in paris for you the main attraction of the museum lies in the fact that it houses more than 5000 works along with tens of thousands of archive pieces all of these pieces are comprehended to demonstrate the creative process of the spanish cubist master pablo picasso you can also explore the different artworks of the artist starting from drawing to sculpture to engraving you can view it all here musee picasso has a unique collection of works of the great artist if you wish to see the whole works of pablo picasso then this is the place to be by visiting this place you also get to learn a lot about the artist as well .

Name: musee rodin musee rodin
Location: 77 rue de varenne.
Description: musee rodin musee rodin is yet another museum in paris this particular museum is dedicated to the french sculptor auguste rodin in the museum you can witness some of his extraordinary works including the kiss the thinker and the gates of hell this is a place where you are guaranteed to be amazed by the works of the great sculptor if you are someone who loves to appreciate art then this is the place for you you can explore plenty of great works in the museum thus this is a good way to learn about the art of sculpting in paris .

Name: le marais
Location: le marais parisopening.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: le marais this is a place where you can explore plenty of things the medieval streets of le marais are worth a visit the place is filled with unique small shops hip cafes trendy galleries and restaurants it can be said that this is a neighbourhood of great interest where you can have a great time with your loved ones this is a great place to add to the list of places to visit in paris in 3 days le marais is known to have an reputation if you want to spend a cosy afternoon in paris then this is the ideal destination for you so make sure that you don t skip out this place from your list .

Name: spectacular galleries of lafayette
Location: boulevard haussmann paris.
Description: galeries lafayette if you want to have the ultimate shopping experience in paris then there is no other place that can be better than the galeries lafayette the spectacular galleries of lafayette feel nothing less than a paradise for all shopping lovers galeries lafayette is perched in the posh opera neighbourhood the grand department store is composed of three blocks of buildings and is renowned for featuring some of the top brands in france here you can explore the shops of brands such as hermes chanel and louis vuitton moreover you can also get other brands as well you can also visit the last floor to have a great view of the city in short this is a place which is worth visiting in the city of paris if you want to have some luxury experience then this is the place to be .

Name: catacombs of paris
Location: 1 avenue du colonel henri.
Entry Fee: 29.
Description: catacombs of paris this is yet another destination to explore in paris the significance of the place lies in the fact that it holds a huge collection of bones and ossuaries under the city the place was formed in the 18th century when the overpopulation of the cemeteries was a rising problem more than 6 million people were moved to the ossuary the place is worth visiting if you want to experience something unique on your trip then this is the place to visit here you can witness whole underground tunnels and caves filled with bones and skulls this place is an ideal spot for all the adventure lovers that you must add to the list of places to visit in paris in 2 days .

Name: eiffel tower louvre museum
Location: seine river.
Description: seine river amongst the most beautiful and popular places to visit in paris the seine river is the heart of paris the river is 777 km long and is the major of water in the city while there s not much to do at the river there s a lot to see around the banks of the river numerous famous monuments and buildings of the city including the eiffel tower louvre museum and place de la concorde can be found along the banks of the river even today tourists and locals flock to both rive gauche and rive droite for various activities like sightseeing shopping dining or just to enjoy the vibrant atmosphere if you have just only one day this is the best place to visit in paris in one day .

Name: île de la cité
Location: île de la cité 75004.
Entry Fee: 13 suggested read villages .
Description: île de la cité the very centre of paris this island is one of the only two remaining isles in paris this is the place where the original parisian tribes founded the city there are only 981 residents in the area since only the northeast and western regions of the island are inhabited there are many canon houses in the area all developed in the 16th century there is a memorial here for the people who were deported from vichy to nazi concentration camps during mémorial des martyrs de la déportation .

Name: musee jacquemart
Location: 158 bd haussmann 75008.
Description: musée this museum under the wing of institut de france is privately curated in the 8th arrondissement of paris musee jacquemart andre museum has 5 parts and was designed by the famous french architect henri parent before being turned into a museum it was the residence of édouard andré and his wife a famous society painter nélie jacquemart they collected famous art pieces their entire lives and put them up here for the world to see thus this is one of the places to visit in paris in one day for art lovers .

Name: le manoir de paris
Location: 18 rue de paradis 75010.
Entry Fee: adults 10 to 15 years old.
Description: le manoir de paris do you like the idea of haunted houses then you will love le manoir de paris spread around 1000m² it is one best places to visit in paris at night the 30 artists who work here bring 14 parisian legends to life most of which are based on facts the 23 rooms offer stories of horror told in 5 levels of fearfulness that visitors can choose from there are 3 animatronics a rabid dog and a garish gargoyle added to the fleet of horror objects furthermore if you want to experience the thrill this place is one of the places in paris .

Name: louis vuitton foundation
Location: 8 av du mahatma gandhi.
Description: louis vuitton foundation it is owned by the lvmh group the main aim of the louis vuitton foundation is to promote art and culture with its incredible design and architecture it has become one of the places to visit in paris located in the heart of paris on mahatma gandhi avenue it is a place for those who have an interest in art and architecture the building s striking and unique design is a fusion of glass and steel which allows natural light to seep into the building louis vuttion foundation s collection of contemporary and modern art is futhermore the foundation hosts many temporary exhibitions throughout the year showcasing the works of some of the most talented artists of our time .

Name: pont alexandre iii bridge
Location: 75008.
Entry Fee: 31 meilleurs endroits à visiter à paris.
Description: pont alexandre iii bridge katka100 for pixabay touted as one of the most beautiful bridges in the entire world it connects and les invalides and its foundation stone was laid in 1896 it was built for the 1900 exposition universelle the fair that saw the introduction of radio escalators talking films and the world s most powerful microscope pont alexandre iii bridge named after the russian tsar alexander iii commemorates the alliance of russia and france in 1892 additionally the tzar was quite loved in france since he could speak french as fluently as a native .

