Name: museum of science industry
Location: sri lanka.
Description: museum of science industry the museum of science industry is a learning hub for all those who are interested in learning how the world and universe works there is something here for everyone to be fascinated by from learning about the basics of physics and maths to enjoying a model of the mercury spacecraft and watching movies at the imax theater situated within the premises visitors can enjoy it all .

Name: busch gardens busch gardens
Location: 10165 north mckinley.
Description: busch gardens busch gardens is ranked amongst one of the top attractions in tampa by guests all year round as the 335 acre property houses multitudes of exotic animals thrill rides and family entertainment all of this is present in a single splendidly constructed park a safari is available for the visitors to gape at the wild animals grazing or they can kangaroos or giraffes enjoying this once in a lifetime kind of experience one can also enjoy extreme roller coaster rides for a thrilling experience .

Name: tampa zoo
Location: 1101 west sligh avenue.
Description: tampa zoo animals from around the world namely asia africa australia or the ones native to florida can be seen housed and bred in this zoo located at the lowry park additionally the large aquarium and pools are used to exhibit aquatic animals here the visitors can get up close and personal with many of the animals including tortoises penguins and even the indian rhino rest assured travelers will have a fun getaway that you ll look back fondly on if you choose to visit the tampa zoo .

Name: florida aquarium
Location: 701 channelside.
Description: florida aquarium the florida aquarium is famous for housing exotic species of marine animals and activities to entertain fascinate and attract tourists of all age groups invertebrates like the starfish and the land dwellers like the lemurs can be touched and fed by the visitors while the other variety of fishes and ocean life is a view to behold the entrance ticket includes the outdoor splash pad for kids to have fun or catch a movie at the 4d theater located within the premises .

Name: henry b plant museum
Location: west kennedy boulevard.
Description: henry b plant museum this museum was formerly a part of the tampa bay hotel and then subsequently turned into a museum in 1933 the rooms within such as the great hall the reading writing room and the garden room coupled with the vintage furniture offer guests a window into the life of the railroad tycoon henry b plant the rest of the building around the premises is now a part of the university of tampa .

Name: tampa theater
Location: 711 franklin.
Description: tampa theater that you d find a luxurious theater palace right in the midst of tampa would be anyone s last guess but the tampa theater is exactly that its rich and fabulous architectural style includes glimpses of the italian renaissance byzantine style and greek revival foreign and classic films are regularly reeled on the celluloid along with special concerts and other programs guests can easily time travel while sitting back in this iconic theatre watching an old classic this is one of the fun places to go in tampa at night .

Name: glazer children s museum
Location: gasparilla plaza.
Description: glazer children s museum needless to say this audience centric museum mainly focuses on children and how to give them an increasingly interactive experience so they can learn about the subtleties of life through play and art important life skills like saving money rescuing lives from the fire station and fixing old houses are taught in the form of a play in addition to this there are also exhibits that explore the more mainstream adult jobs like engineering oceanography robotics and global culture .

Name: sunshine skyway
Description: sunshine skyway this multilane highway is essentially a also called the highway on stilts it is 12 miles long and curves right onto the edge of tampa bay it is an engineering marvel in united states you can visit this bridge with friends and family and we assure you that the beautiful views that you ll get to see from atop this bridge and the photographs you will collect will be the ones you would keep for a long time .

Name: national landmark district
Location: ybor city suggested read 10 thrilling water parks.
Description: ybor city this is a lively and historic national landmark district and also the center of tampa s entire latino community in the past the cigar factory of ybor city was the largest in the world as production reached cigars a month by over 4000 people the seventh avenue in ybor city also features the district s historical buildings enlisted on the national register of historic places also to enjoy some spanish cuisine head to the state s columbia restaurant which is the oldest and largest in the country when it comes to serving spanish food .

Name: tampa bay history center
Location: mcleodganj.
Description: tampa bay history center the tampa bay s rich history tracing back to more than years can be explored at this hub of knowledge the exhibits here features information like the inhabitants namely the seminoles multicultural influences since the 17th century the regional geography the railroad and shipping era head over here if you want to experience a fun time and get to know more about your travel destination .

