Name: lincoln memorial
Description: lincoln memorial one of the major washington dc tourist attractions the lincoln memorial is dedicated to the 16th president of the u s abraham lincoln though it is not its architecture that is the most beautiful thing about it rather it is its reflection that makes it look more majestic when seen in the pool this memorial is a perfect place to visit if you wish to start your trip on a historic note entry fees no entry feetimings it remains open for the whole daylocation 2 lincoln memorial cir nw washington dc 20037 usa looking to book an international holiday book memorable holidays on traveltriangle with verified travel agents for domestic and international destinations trip to sri lanka at rs plan your vacation today book now trip to singapore at rs get quotes from local experts book now mauritius holiday starting at rs talk to our experts today book nowk maldives honeymoon trip at rs pay with easy emi option book now europe trip at rs all inclusive deals book now vacation in dubai at rs book now book now hong kong holiday at rs money safe guarantee book now thailand holiday at rs flights excluded book now see more at traveltriangle com visit website 10 destinations in u s a for that perfect .

Name: washington monument
Location: 2 15th st nw washington dc.
Description: washington monument csbwv 8 zdjęć for pixabay yet another structure that was built in the name of a powerful man the washington monument is one of the top places to see in washington dc it was built to honor the first ever president washington dc whose name later also inspired the city s name an attraction with such interesting stories ought to be on your trip itinerary entry fees no entry feetimings a m to p m .

Name: national gallery of art
Location: washington.
Description: national gallery of art john menard for flickr treat the art lover within by visiting this art gallery which is also one of the best things to see in washington dc the gallery showcases different types of art created by different artists that cover everything from the middle ages to the entry fees no entry feetimings a m to p m .

Name: national museum of american history
Location: 1300 constitution ave nw washington dc.
Description: national museum of american history one of the best historical places to visit in washington dc the national museum of american history will excite the history buff in you a visit to this museum will let you experience the creation of the nation and how it became a powerful empire now entry fees no entry feetimings a m to p m .

Name: national air and space museum
Location: 600 independence ave sw washington.
Description: national air and space museum if you re someone who loves planes and rockets then this is the right place for you to visit this museum provides an insight into the history of planes and air crafts and also the process of building them visiting this place will surely make you feel proud of how far human imagination has reached entry fees no entry feetimings a m to p m .

Name: smithsonian zoological park
Location: disney land ocean park.
Description: smithsonian zoological park in washington dc a sightseeing tour of this amazing spot will take you closer to nature this national zoological park has around 400 species which include pandas lions elephants and more spotting these creatures and being around them will definitely pamper the wildlife enthusiast in you visiting here is indeed one of the best things to do in washington dc entry fees no entry feetimings a m to p m .

Name: national cathedral
Location: washington dc.
Timings: monday friday a m to p m.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: national cathedral witness the glorious architecture and the rich culture of the american city by visiting the famous national cathedral one of the top places to visit in the city this church offers a peaceful and heavenly environment so even if you re not too religious make sure you stop by this place to soak in a little bliss .

Name: international spy museum
Location: 800 f st nw washington dc.
Timings: a m to p m .
Entry Fee: free.
Description: international spy museum tony fischer for flickr what to see in washington dc would never be your concern if a visit to this unique museum is on your list known as the international spy museum this place houses the world s largest international espionage artefact collection needless to say this place will surely bring out the spy within you too so if you want to explore top 10 places to visit in washington dc international spy museum should definitely be on your list .

Name: national world war memorial
Description: national world war memorial this place was built to honour the people who sacrificed their lives during world war ii apart from the rich history it also has a splendid fountain at the centre and several symbols of victory which add to its beauty so if you ve ever been intrigued by the world war stories this is one place you can not afford to skip entry fees no entry feetimings open 24 hourslocation 1750 independence ave sw washington dc 20024 usa 15 best treehouses in the world that make the dreamiest .

Name: the white house
Location: 1600 pennsylvania ave nw washington.
Description: white house in washington dc places to visit are innumerable but an attraction like the white house is something you can not afford to miss not just the city but the whole nation is known because of this pure white building which is famed to be the president s residence and while you won t be able to take a full tour of the house a visit to some of its parts will still make you feel like royalty entry fees no entry feetimings tuesdays thursdays a m to a m fridays saturdays a m to p m .

Name: tidal basin
Description: tidal basin one of the best places to visit in washington dc in summer tidal basin offers spectacular views and is home to some of the famous historic monuments the renowned national cherry blossom festival is also celebrated here also offering boating it is undoubtedly the best for recreation and peace entry fees no entry feetimings open 24 hourslocation tidal basin and ohio drive nw washington dc dc 20003 11 sparkling places that appear to be from another world but are actually .

Name: john f kennedy center of performing arts
Location: 2700 f st nw washington dc.
Description: john f kennedy center of performing arts john f kennedy who was the 35th president of the u s always loved and promoted art this center for performing arts was created in his name and follows the same trail of promoting creativity it hosts many shows and attracts millions of people throughout the year you can watch a free concert around 6 in the evening and learn a lot about art at the same time entry fees depends on the eventtimings a m p m a m p m .

Name: national museum of women in the arts
Location: 1250 new york ave nw washington.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: national museum of women in the arts housing a collection of achievements of the women in the field of arts this museum is the only place dedicated to women s contribution to the art it features works created by women dating from the 16th century and offers an experience like none other .

Name: mount vernon estate
Location: 3200 mount vernon.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: mount vernon estate skeeze 12140 for pixabay situated on a hill mount vernon is a huge mansion which was earlier owned by george washington offering beautiful mountain views this mansion is now restored and furnished with objects that are as old as of the 18th century if you re looking for the best places to visit in washington dc in one day then this is where you need to go .

Name: potomac river
Entry Fee: No.
Description: potomac river if you visit washington dc then make sure you also head to the nearby gorgeous potomac river which is a gateway to various popular attractions of the city apart from offering splendid views of nature the river also offers the activities like kayaking and bicycling it is undoubtedly the best places to visit in washington dc in winter to have ultimate fun in the city which looks heavenly in winters .

Name: georgetown historic district
Entry Fee: No.
Description: georgetown historic district from upscale homes and shops to restaurants and scenic views there s a lot you can explore in the beguiling georgetown historic district tracing all the way back to the and named to respect king george ii georgetown is one of the most bustling neighbourhoods where you can learn about washington s history and culture .

Name: national portrait gallery
Entry Fee: adults inr 824.
Description: national portrait gallery the national portrait gallery is a historical institution situated in washington d c preserving the accounts of america through the people who laid out american culture through the visual expressions performing expressions and new media the portrait gallery depicts writers and presidents visionaries entertainers and activists .

