Name: rijksmuseum
Location: museumstraat 1 1071 xx amsterdam.
Timings: 9 am 5 pm.
Entry Fee: inr per person.
Description: rijksmuseum journey back in the 19th century pexels one of the most popular amsterdam visiting places for art fanatics this museum goes back to 1809 when it was built to house the brilliant art and antiques of the nation in more than 250 rooms there is also a huge library with an extensive collection of more than books and manuscripts traditional handicrafts medieval sculptures and modern art styles are also on display here you can hire an amsterdam tourist guide or take a tour of this museum if you are wondering what to see in amsterdam in 3 days add this place to your itinerary .

Name: this museum
Location: prinsengracht.
Timings: 9 am 10 pm.
Entry Fee: 1410.
Description: anne frank house learn all about this jewish girl this is one of the most popular amsterdam tourist places there can not be a trip to this city without a visit to this house first anne frank was a young jewish girl who lived at the time of the second world war while hiding from the nazis she left a diary that describes the hardships her community went through this museum contains the building where anne s family remained in hiding for a memorable vacation in netherlands do make a visit to this attraction in amsterdam it is definitely one of the best places to see in amsterdam .

Name: van gogh museum
Location: paulus potterstraat 7 1071 cx amsterdam.
Timings: 9 am 5 pm monday to friday.
Entry Fee: 3 days in amsterdam.
Description: van gogh museum where artists find solace if you are wondering what to see in amsterdam the van gogh museum is an ideal pick 5 million visitors flock to the museum annually which makes it one of the most important art galleries in the world gogh s tragic life and extraordinary talent make it the second most visited museum in amsterdam there are more than 200 paintings 500 drawings and 700 letters from van gogh that are on display here this is easily one of the best places to go in amsterdam .

Name: begijnhof
Location: 1012 ab amsterdam.
Timings: 9 am 5 pm.
Entry Fee: 1350.
Description: begijnhof for a peaceful stroll if you are looking for some calm and serenity this is one of the best places to visit in amsterdam it was originally a béguinage and in present times is the site of two churches the catholic houten huys and the english reformed church it has a secluded garden where one can enjoy a peaceful time as well as wondrous pulpit panels it is one of the most stunning places to visit in amsterdam for young adults .

Name: amsterdam s west church
Location: amsterdam.
Entry Fee: inr 617.
Description: amsterdam s west church enlighten yourself spiritually when looking for churches in the netherlands amsterdam s west church should definitely be added to your itinerary this became one of the most famous amsterdam tourist attractions after the wedding of the queen beatrix in 1966 the church has reflections of renaissance architecture in its constructions as well as certain elements of gothic design the tower is the highest in the city with a height of 85 metres the tip of the tower has a copy of austria s emperor maximilian s crown .

Name: vondelpark
Timings: opens throughout the day.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: vondelpark learn the culture and lifestyle amsterdam s most popular park it allures thousands of tourists and residents every day this park is one of the free places to visit in amsterdam it is home to many restaurants and cafés including the blauwe theehuis café vertigo vondelpark3 de vondeltuin and the groot melkhuis there is a skate rental shop an theatre and a rose garden with more than 70 types of roses in the park if you are seeking the best places to visit in amsterdam vondelpark is the ultimate spot .

Name: heineken brewery
Location: stadhouderskade 78.
Timings: am pm .
Entry Fee: inr 1719 for adults.
Description: heineken brewery a great place for beer lovers edward eyer for pexels this is one of the best places to visit in amsterdam in one day especially if you are a beer buff it started in 1864 and a tour around the brewery will help you understand the heineken magic that works behind we would recommend you buy a vip tour where you can taste 5 different beer types with complimentary fromages .

Name: red light area
Location: de wallen amsterdam.
Timings: 4 am.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: red light district explore the nightlife skitterphoto for pexels the famous red light area is one of the most visited places to visit in amsterdam at night there is a bar in every nook and corner of the red light area dutch drinks especially locally brewed beer are popular all over the world the old sailor and cafe hill straight blues are other popular options .

Name: royal palace
Location: oudekerksplein 23.
Timings: 10 am 6 pm.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: royal palace of amsterdam witness the regal historicity located in dam square it is one of the most popular places to go in amsterdam on every tourist s list it was earlier a town hall but is now in the hands of the state and used for royal official dutch functions by the family the palace remains open to visitors throughout the year who love to look at the citizen s hall as one of the best amsterdam attractions .

Name: kirkandmimi
Location: nieuwezijds kolk 29.
Timings: pm bike rent.
Entry Fee: 1500.
Description: bike city go for sightseeing kirkandmimi for pixabay the way to do amsterdam sightseeing right is by renting and riding a bike and catching the lovely views of the city amsterdam is famous for its paths and it is an experience that one must take while in the city bike city in jordaan is considered to be one of the best places in amsterdam .

Name: museum for dutch film lovers
Location: ijpromenade 1.
Timings: 10 am 10 pm sunday to thursday.
Description: museum for dutch film lovers this is one of the most interesting places to visit in amsterdam it is located in a building that resembles a spaceship on the main waterfront of the city and is an expansive archive for dutch films many screenings for international and dutch films are organised here that are enjoyed by locals and tourists alike .

Name: the rozentheater
Location: rozengracht 117 1016 lv amsterdam netherlands.
Timings: depending on show.
Entry Fee: tickets.
Description: the rozentheater watch the actors perform if you are wondering what to do in amsterdam head to the rozentheater for an amazing night in the city here an amazing cast will perform comedies in a fast format be prepared they call people from the audience to pull their strings enjoy a hearty laugh at the satirical comedy theatre on your amsterdam tour it is definitely one of the best places to see in amsterdam this place is also surrounded by some of the best restaurants in the netherlands .

Name: de bakkerswinkel
Location: warmoesstraat 69 1012 hx amsterdam.
Entry Fee: 800.
Description: de bakkerswinkel enjoy the view while grabbing a bite it is the perfect little quaint cafe located on one of the oldest streets in the city you can look at the surroundings while indulging in a cup of tea and a delicious piece of cake the place is famous for its quiche brioche puddings apple and carrot cakes and its coffee .

Name: flower market
Location: singel 1012 dh amsterdam.
Timings: 9 am pm.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: flower market a colorful fragrant spot it is one of the most highly rated places to visit in amsterdam locally known as the bloemenmarkt this stretch on the singel canal is filled with the vibrant colours and fragrances of fresh flowers every monday to saturday don t forget to grab tulip bulbs for your garden or plants back home as well as dutch souvenirs for friends and family .

Name: canal belt
Location: canal belt amsterdam.
Entry Fee: boating tours suggested read revamped amsterdam.
Description: canal belt observe the locality the 17th century canal belt was placed on unesco s world heritage list in 2011 it is one of the most beautiful neighborhoods in the city with its houses and quaint cafes no trip to amsterdam can be complete without experiencing the canals and getting to know a little bit more about them too you can choose to explore amsterdam s canals from the water or on foot if you want some peaceful time in the locality and wondering where to go in amsterdam then this is the place for you .

Name: the garden of europe
Location: south holland.
Timings: 24 hours.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: keukenhof enjoy the lush greenery this can be counted amongst the places to go in amsterdam famed as the garden of europe keukenhof is one of the largest flower gardens in the world and is situated in south holland when you are exploring amsterdam you can easily head to keukenhof as it just 40 mins drive away from amsterdam if are a lover of tulips you should visit the garden in don t forget to add this place to your itinerary as it will completely bewitch you it is definitely one of the best places to go in amsterdam .

Name: efteling park
Location: netherlands.
Timings: 10 am 6 pm.
Entry Fee: theme park.
Description: efteling park for an amusing experience efteling park is one of the best places to visit in amsterdam in september the amusement park attracts huge loads of tourists every day and offers them a day filled with fun and joy enjoy taking rides on various theme rides based on fairy tales and legends you will find a lot of elements inspired by folklore and legend inside the park this place in amsterdam is truly magical .

Name: dam square
Location: amsterdam netherlands.
Timings: 24 hours.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: dam square from where sightseeing should begin like every great city in the world has a centre point so does amsterdam dam square is one of the iconic landmarks in the city that has important buildings like the royal palace new church and madame tussauds wax museums right here this is one of the greatest points to start your sightseeing tour around the city and also one of the most famous places in amsterdam city .

Name: jordaan
Location: north holland.
Timings: open .
Entry Fee: No.
Description: jordaan shoppers paradise djedj for pixabay if you want to enjoy fine dining and shopping experiences jordaan is the place to be a vibrant district in amsterdam it is one the famous places in amsterdam netherlands you will find a number of pubs eateries and boutiques and can spend endless hours of shopping and eating .

Name: amsterdam dungeon
Location: rokin 78 1012 kw amsterdam netherlands.
Timings: 11 am 6 pm.
Entry Fee: inr onwards famous for leisure adventures .
Description: amsterdam dungeon for the ones have you heard of amsterdam dungeon if not then it should be enough excuse for you to check it out amsterdam dungeon takes you inside a church where you take a turn back to 500 years olds of amsterdam s history it is a reality cum fiction attraction with tunnels labyrinths torture chambers mirror halls and characters on display you have got to visit one of the unique amsterdam tourist spots .

Name: leidseplein square
Location: 1017 pt amsterdam netherlands.
Timings: 24 hours.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: leidseplein square for a memorable evening don t forget to head to these interesting places to see in amsterdam while holidaying here known for its nightlife wonders leidseplein square offers you the best of evenings in amsterdam explore a vast range of bars and pubs at this place with your friends and taste different european beers you can also enjoy several theatres and comedy at this square the street performers really relish this square too this is one of amsterdam s top attractions that you should definitely add in your itinerary .

Name: torensluis bridge
Location: 1012 hg amsterdam the netherlands.
Timings: 24 hours.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: torensluis bridge best spot for afternoon strolls one of the best places to visit in amsterdam torensluis bridge offers you the most breathtaking site to behold it is located on singel and is one of the oldest and biggest bridges in the city with towers on both ends enjoy taking a stroll in the afternoon and watch exhibitions or art shows taking place on the bridge a visit to this place is a must for it is always counted amongst amsterdam s top attractions .

Name: floating flower market
Location: amsterdam netherlands.
Timings: 9 am pm.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: bloemen market one more shopping place if you are visiting amsterdam make sure to check out the world s biggest floating flower market here one of the unique places to visit in amsterdam it is a reflection of the city s vibrant culture if you think the canals in amsterdam are already so charming wait till you visit this one blooming with fragrances the perfumes make it irresistible to visit this place not just amsterdam this is also one of the best places for shopping in netherlands .

Name: rembrandt house museum
Location: jodenbreestraat 4 1011 nk amsterdam.
Timings: 10 am 6 pm.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: rembrandt house museum witness the art from 17th century one of the most visited museums in netherlands rembrandt house will leave you all surprised if you are a lover of art this is one of the best places to visit in amsterdam rembrandt house museum is a place where the famous dutch painter rembrandt lived and worked for years the museum features some of the great works of his time and contemporary art pieces the interiors of the museums are decorated in the style of a home to give it a vintage feel do check out this place on your amsterdam trip it is definitely one of the best places to go in amsterdam .

Name: oude kerk
Location: oudekerksplein 23 1012 gx amsterdam netherlands.
Timings: 10 am 6 pm.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: oude kerk for spiritual seekers and history buffs visit one of the oldest buildings in the city on your amsterdam trip and take a trip to 800 years back the building was a parish church in its time and of great importance to the city it is one of the really peaceful and quiet places to visit in amsterdam where you can meditate for hours you will also find some of the famous graves here attend a service in the ancient aisles of church which is believed to be an unforgettable experience .

Name: muiden castle
Location: herengracht 1 1398 aa muiden netherlands.
Timings: 10 pm 5 pm.
Entry Fee: inr 1543.
Description: muiden castle observe the royal beauty this is considered as one of the best tourist attractions in netherlands another great attraction in amsterdam muiden castle is known for its quaint and picturesque beauty this medieval castle is one of the charming places to visit in amsterdam and offer great views of the city to have the best experience it is recommended to take a guided tour in the castle the castle is open to public only on weekends so plan your trip accordingly this is one of the most popular places to see in amsterdam .

Name: artis zoo
Location: amsterdam netherlands.
Timings: 9 am 6 pm.
Entry Fee: inr 2400.
Description: artis zoo awesome place to visit with kids artis zoo is one of the oldest zoos located in the whole of europe and one of the places to visit in amsterdam kids are going to love it and there a lot of unique displays for kids all around you can see all your favorite animals here including giraffes elephants lions and zebras a different experience would be the micropia and planetarium which is a museum dedicated to microbes for a fun saturday you can visit the zoo which opens with special performances and music make sure that you rent a barbecue to make sure you enjoy a perfect night for this reason artis zoo is one of the unique places to visit in amsterdam .

Name: albert cuyp market
Location: albert cuypstraat 1073 bd amsterdam netherlands.
Timings: 9 am 5 pm.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: albert cuyp market mingle with the locals shutterstock this is your perfect chance to buy some fresh food or wander around the stalls there are plenty of clothes souvenirs and local stuff to buy you can also enjoy authentic food from the best amsterdam restaurants talk to the locals and experience real life here where you see them bargaining for groceries this is a truly unique way to experience shopping in amsterdam a different side of an otherwise rich city .

Name: de negen straatjes
Location: wolvenstraat 9 1016 em amsterdam netherlands.
Timings: 24 hours.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: de negen straatjes a historical spot this is one of the most joyful and best places in amsterdam de negen straatjes otherwise translated as the nine streets is perfect for photographers and those of you looking for iconic shots in the city a charming destination filled with historical architecture an charm with a experience here you can also find one of the great places for shopping in amsterdam take absolute pleasure in exploring the details .

Name: concertgebouw
Location: concertgebouwplein 10 1071 ln amsterdam.
Timings: 10 am 10 pm.
Entry Fee: depends on the show famous for music events .
Description: concertgebouw great for culture lovers the concertgebouw is a recently refurbished building where you can get a chance to listen to some free music an incredible venue that houses culture with amazing acoustics and hosting impressive performances if you are lucky enough to celebrate new year in amsterdam then you must plan for a trip here to get endured in orchestra music it is indeed one of the best places in amsterdam .

Name: stedelijk museum
Location: 10 museumplein amsterdam.
Timings: 10 am 6 pm.
Entry Fee: amsterdam.
Description: stedelijk museum witness the blended art one of the top places to visit in amsterdam when we talk about the lesser known spots stedelijk museum is home to some of the finest artworks giving both renowned and local artists a chance to showcase their talent this museum is home to a collection of almost 90k artwork pieces made by picasso rothko monet warhol and such can be seen covering the floors of this spot apart from this the museum holds temporary exhibitions of contemporary art where less famous and local artists can display their examples of talent .

Name: het schip
Location: 45 oostzaanstraat amsterdam.
Timings: 11 am 5 pm.
Entry Fee: inr 1322 visitors over 13 years.
Description: het schip marvel at the structure if the beauty and magnificence of various structures is what excites you then het schip is a building that you should not miss out on designed by an influential architect michel de klerk in the year 1919 het schip is a residential building that is located in western amsterdam this building was constructed in sound with the amsterdamse school architecture movement and stands proudly as an icon in the present day het schip is one of the beautiful amsterdam tourist attractions .

Name: butterfly house
Location: 2a plantage middenlaan amsterdam.
Timings: 10 am 5 pm.
Entry Fee: inr 1102.
Description: de hortus botanicus old is gold tagged as one the world s oldest botanical garden de hortus botanicus is one of the best places in amsterdam that one can visit the garden was opened in 1638 and is home to some fascinating structures including palm house numerous greenhouses and conservatories and a seed house from the this botanical garden provides roof to more than 4k species and attracts children of all right from exploring the butterfly house to attending the art shows that are there s plenty to do this place is also surrounded by some of the best beaches in the netherlands .

