Name: basilica of the sagrada familia
Location: 401 carrer de mallorca.
Entry Fee: 14 euro.
Description: basilica of the sagrada familia known as the europe continent s most unconventional churches the basilica of the sagrada familia is one of the best places to visit in barcelona located in the northern section of the city this church is surrounded by 18 colossal spindly towers which add a gothic charm to its overall appearance as a visitor the first thing which will make you is the impressive exterior of the church it depicts the birth of jesus the sufferings he had to endure during his lifetime his death and the story of his resurrection the interior of the church also looks quite stunning because of the ceiling and the unusual yet crucifix .

Name: fundacio catalunya
Location: carrer de provenca.
Entry Fee: 21 euro.
Description: casa mila also known as la pedrera among the locals casa mila is yet another architectural masterpiece of antoni gaudi established between the years of 1906 to 1912 this ostentatious structure looks more like a sensational piece of sculpture than a building because of its eloquently curved facades some other things which make it look even more elegant is its beautiful balconies and unique rounded windows the gorgeous building of casa mila houses the famous cultural center fundacio catalunya which organizes numerous events so if you are looking for some famous places to visit in barcelona for kids then casa mila would be ideal for you .

Name: palau de la musica catalana a opera hall
Location: calle palau.
Entry Fee: 16 euro.
Description: palau de la musica catalana a opera hall the palau de la musica catalana is the creation of yet another famous catalan artist and architect lluis domenech i montaner known as the embodiment of catalan modernism the exterior of this beautiful structure boasts exquisitely detailed mosaic work and decorative columns on the other hand the internal section of the opera house exhibits a graceful glass ceiling which during the day looks absolutely owing to its ceiling the concert hall stays completely illuminated by natural light during the daytime so if you are a lover of both opera and architectural brilliance then make sure to add the palau hall to your list of places to see in barcelona .

Name: barri gotic
Location: between the streets of laietana.
Entry Fee: craving for more.
Description: barri gotic the gothic quarter also affectionately known as barri gotic is the oldest yet liveliest part of barcelona if you visit here then you will be able to savor the extravagant beauty of ancient roman structures and picturesque plazas apart from this the gothic quarter also houses numerous restaurants and cafes where you can spend some lively moments with your friends and family members all in all this place has almost everything that can make travelers happy and content due to this reason most tourists consider it as one of the top places to visit in barcelona .

Name: casa batllo
Location: 43 passeig de gracia barcelonatimings.
Entry Fee: 22 euro.
Description: casa batllo yet another modernist marvel created by antoni gaudi casa batllo is the former townhouse of the famous batlló family of catalunya with its enthralling adorning façade and the atypical shape this architectural magnum opus looks quite similar to the castles described in the fairy tales because of its unusual design and structure casa batllo has also earned the nickname of house of the dragon which in spanish translates as casa del drac .

Name: a museum of barcelona
Location: 08012 barcelonatimings.
Entry Fee: 12 50 euro.
Description: casa vicens designed by the mastermind antoni gaudi the beautiful house of casa vicens reflects the architectural style located in the calm neighborhood of gracia it is considered to be one of the most famous tourist places to visit in barcelona casa vicens was built between the years of 1883 to 1885 as a summer residence for the wealthy vicens family however now it serves as a museum of barcelona due to its unparalleled beauty and elegance it earned the title of unesco world heritage in the year 2005 .

Name: montjuic castle
Location: 66 carretera de montjuic barcelona.
Entry Fee: 3 euro.
Description: montjuic castle if you are traveling to the capital of catalunya for the first time and are looking for some places to visit in barcelona for family then make sure to add the mesmerizing montjuic castle to your list situated at an elevation 213 meters from the this majestic castle is known for its excellent panoramic views and gorgeous museums the museums of the castle exhibit an outstanding collection of catalan arts which will surely take your breath away .

Name: museu d art contemporani de barcelona macba
Location: 1 placa dels angels barcelona.
Entry Fee: 11 euro.
Description: museu d art contemporani de barcelona macba known as one of the best contemporary art museums in barcelona the macba showcases some of the exquisite art pieces of the modern era it was designed and inaugurated by richard meier a famous architect of america in 1995 since then the museum has hosted many exhibitions by numerous artists of this century .

Name: picasso museum
Location: montcada.
Entry Fee: 7 euro.
Description: picasso museum pablo picasso has always been known for his excellent artistic brain and uncanny yet exquisite pieces of art so if you are an and want to relish his brilliance in barcelona then make sure to visit the picasso museum by visiting here you will get the rare chance to see the earlier works of the artistic mastermind and understand the relationship between him and barcelona .

Name: museu d història de catalunya
Location: placa pau villa 3 08039 barcelona.
Entry Fee: 8 euro.
Description: museu d història de catalunya as the name suggests the museu d historia de catalunya showcases the rich historical background of the city of barcelona in this museum you will find numerous paintings which depict the past of catalonia province as well as numerous sculptures and relics which can help you to understand the city s cultural beauty .

Name: the park guell
Location: carrer d olot barcelonatimings.
Entry Fee: 10 euro.
Description: park guell if you are looking for a few places to visit in barcelona for family the park guell would be absolutely ideal for you the beautiful place currently rules over 42 acres of space and features almost every prop that any other park offers to its visitors along with elegant flashes of greenery park guell also exhibits numerous swirling pathways where you can spend hours walking also while you are here make sure to visit the sala hipostila to savor the colorful essence of the beautiful city of barcelona .

Name: barcelona zoo
Location: 21 passeig de picasso.
Entry Fee: rs pay.
Description: parc de la ciutadella located at the heart of barcelona parc de la ciutadella has always been one of the most famous gathering points of the city since its inception in 1877 when it opened it served only as a normal park for the local people however now it houses the famous barcelona zoo and the catalan parliament numerous people also come here during the day for exercising and walking .
