Name: aurora borealis
Location: lapland in northern finland.
Timings: pm to am from monday to sunday.
Description: northern lights shutterstock ideally visible between september and march in the finnish lapland the northern lights or aurora borealis is a surreal treat for the eyes that sends onlookers into a trance a mystical experience these lights in the sky are one of the must visit places in finland and the most breathtaking attractions so did this entice you enough to plan a trip to gorgeous finland soon .

Name: amusement park
Location: arctic circle 96930 arctic circle rovaniemi.
Timings: am to pm monday to sunday.
Description: santa claus village sqv7n for pixabay this lovely amusement park nestled in the snowy mountains of lapland is finland s version of disneyland with ice restaurants husky and reindeer sleigh rides an igloo hotel and safaris and excursions you re sure to find something that interests you here your finland travel is incomplete without a visit to this visual treat are you ready to explore this village just yet .

Name: maritime museum
Location: gulf of bothnia.
Timings: open throughout the day.
Description: aland shutterstock mostly known for being a nature lover s refuge aland is an old quaint group of islands take a deep dive into old finnish culture by visiting the maritime museum and the museum here one of the most peaceful finland destinations aland will make sure you sit back and enjoy your holidays .

Name: a museum
Location: 00190 helsinki finland.
Timings: am to pm monday to sunday.
Description: suomenlinna shutterstock built as a sea fortress in the 18th century this is now a unesco world heritage site frequented by locals and tourists alike inside the fortress is a museum rich with finland s military history this is one of the most culturally significant places to visit in finland .

Name: helsinki s market square
Location: 00190 helsinki finland.
Timings: am to pm monday to sunday.
Description: helsinki shutterstock this beautiful city is the capital of finland and one of the hottest finland tourist spots modern buildings lush landscapes and a bustling city spirit lend this city a special air take a ferry ride or taste some traditional finnish fare at helsinki s market square which is one of the major finland points of interest make sure you don t miss out on one of the best places to visit finland europe this year .

Name: levi aristidov
Location: finland.
Timings: am to pm monday to sunday.
Description: levi aristidov for wikimedia commons unblemished snow and limitless ski slopes have landed this ski resort among the most popular finland tourist places located 170 km north of the arctic circle levi offers consistent subzero temperatures and a large range of open trails and open lifts from a beginner to an expert levi has something for everyone to enjoy and add this places to see in finland to your bucket list .

Name: olavinlinna castle
Location: south savonia province eastern finland.
Timings: 10 a m p m.
Description: savonlinna jackmac34 for pixabay home to the olavinlinna castle and a major spot for finland sightseeing savonlinna is becoming an increasingly visited city this place plays host to a ballet festival and an opera festival every now and then and also has theatres museums underground caves and galleries there is a lot to explore in savonlinna .

Name: sibelius monument
Location: helsinki finland.
Timings: throughout the day.
Description: sibelius monument shutterstock established to pay respect to jean sibelius a nationally recognised music composer this monument is built with more than 600 hollow steel pipes coming together to form an organ it is a magnificent sight conveying volumes on finnish culture and heritage it is the perfect place for all history buffs and culture enthusiasts who wish to know more about the finnish folks .

Name: turku castle
Location: 00190 helsinki finland.
Timings: am to pm monday to sunday.
Description: turku andrei niemimäki for wikimedia commons the major attraction is the turku castle built in the century which is now home to the turku museum this old town harbours a shopping center a church a market and even a swedish theatre not to forget its quirky riverside restaurants which satisfies all senses so make sure you check out one of these best places to visit in finland while you re out and about in this land .

Name: nuuksio national park
Location: nuuksiontie 84 02820 espoo finland.
Timings: finnish nature centre kirkkonummi .
Description: nuuksio national park clem23 for wikimedia commons nuuksio national park is rich with wildlife and is spread over a large area offering many camping and skiing opportunities with long uninterrupted trails for bicycling hiking and horse riding this park is one of the best places to visit in finland it is surrounded by finland s natural bounty and offers stunning views of lush greenery what more does one need .

Name: amuri park and moomin valley museum
Location: southern finland 170 kilometers northwest of helsinki.
Timings: am to pm.
Description: tampere shutterstock blending between the two gorgeous lakes nasijarvi and pyhajarvi tampere stands proud of its vibrant artwork and thrilling activities throughout the winter season for all kinds of tourists don t miss out on the amuri park and moomin valley museum which will let you sneak a peek into the nation s history and various exhibitions are you ready to visit one of the most beautiful places to visit in finland in summer right now .

Name: porvoo cathedral
Location: 06100 finland.
Timings: monday to am to pm and saturday to am to pm.
Description: porvoo kostiolavi for pixabay known to be finland s few medieval settlements this city has a history of more than 600 years and while many do not know that the town square s clad in cobble are creations via the directions of the swedish masters that once used to reside here you can often catch glimpses of the tales of the russian and danish invaders hidden inside the porvoo cathedral .

Name: rovaniemi
Location: northeast of tornio.
Timings: am to pm every day.
Description: rovaniemi shutterstock rovaniemi is an attractive place located in the finnish lapland of the arctic circle full of vibrant culture and surrounded by breathtaking natural phenomena every day of the year it is the modern city officially known as the home of santa claus and for gazing at the northern lights here you can enjoy grilled whitefish local culinary delights and seasoned mushrooms with wild herbs which have become the essential place to travel in finland with your loved ones .

Name: kauppatori the biggest market place
Location: helsinki finland.
Timings: am to pm monday to sunday.
Description: kauppatori shutterstock no trip is complete without exploring the famous shopping place in helsinki wrap up your journey by visiting kauppatori the biggest market place along with authentic local street food with berry drinks aside a wide diaspora of stalls and stores chirping seagulls etc are the colorful places to travel in finland that you can t miss in kauppatori .

Name: lake saimaa
Location: southeastern finland.
Timings: 2024.
Description: lake saimaa shutterstock it is one of the largest lakes in finland at approximately square kilometers and is also considered the fourth largest freshwater lake in europe most of the lake is dotted with islands and divides it into many further parts each having its own name while visiting lake saimaa enjoy the delicious seafood eateries popular fishing villages and view of the northern lights that become the best places to visit in finland head to this lake for a dreamy night view and have a great time on your vacation .

