Name: clock tower
Timings: from the greek islands to the swiss alps.
Description: big ben one of the top places to visit in united kingdom is big ben it is in fact the name of the clock tower which is located near westminster abbey in central london the tower designed by augustus pugin is about a hundred metres tall the place has been declared a unesco world heritage site and is visited by hordes of tourists every year waiting to get clicked in front of it it is one of the most prominent places to visit in united kingdom and is often used by artists all over the world to represent the country .

Name: ferris wheel
Timings: pmlocation lambeth london se1 7pb uk.
Description: london eye think london and the one thing that pops into everyone s head is this giant ferris wheel located on the river thames this popular wheel offers a panoramic view of london and its horizons which makes it a huge favourite among tourist places in uk for young couples the wheel stands at almost 140 metres tall with 32 capsules at its circumference which is how people reach on the top the place acts like an observation deck and the ride here is deemed extremely romantic as well making it one of the best places to visit in uk for couples .

Name: stonehenge
Timings: amesbury salisbury.
Description: stonehenge a treat for all the history buffs stonehenge is a neolithic site one of the most interesting places to visit in united kingdom with kids the site is close to amesbury england and is supposed to date back to 3000 bc it has been a unesco world heritage site since 1986 and is supposed to have worked as either a burial ground or astronomy site of sorts the beauty of the place lies in the mystery around it as well as no one exactly knows what the stones stand for or what its purpose exactly was however the place is surrounded by different neolithic burial grounds and monuments which makes it one of the most important places to visit in united kingdom .

Name: royal parks
Timings: amlocation london uk .
Description: hyde park one of the top 5 places to visit in uk hyde is one of the four royal parks in london located near the kensington palace the place was used as a hunting ground in the late 1600 s today it is one of the major parks in the country and plays a significant role in the cultural scene of the city it has become a place to reclaim free speech and also is known for holding music concerts from a long list of artists including queen and pink floyd the park is well connected with the famous london tube and the main roads so reaching here is not a problem at all picnics here in autumn make it one of the most perfect places to visit in uk in october .

Name: loch ness and scottish highlands
Timings: nalocation scotland suggested read best places to visit in london.
Description: loch ness and scottish highlands one of the most beautiful places to visit in uk this freshwater lake loch in gaelic is known for housing a monster called nessie spread over an area of 30 kilometres this lake is quite deep with large water volume scottish highlands are also significantly important given their historical background the place is filled with lush green mountains and is sparsely populated the highest mountain of the region ben nevis is visited by many for hiking trekking biking and other such activities it is one of the best tourist places in united kingdom to visit in december .

Name: dunluce castle
Timings: 87 dunluce rd bushmills.
Description: dunluce castle a medieval castle located in northern ireland dunluce has an rugged feel to it on contrary to other forts and palaces in places like london located on a cliff the geography around the castle with steep falls on both sides might be the reason its first residents chose this place to build a castle on the place dates back to the middle ages and is supposed to built around the late 1600 s it is the perfect town to spend a weekend in winters making it one of the best places to visit in uk in november .

Name: trafford centre
Timings: honeymoon.
Description: trafford centre located in manchester this is one of the most famous places to shop at owned by peel the place has a number of outlets and is a haven for shopaholics which makes it one of the unusual places to visit uk however the place is bustling with food joints cafes and shops and it is just a train ride away making it one of the best places to visit by train in uk apart from this oxford street is another significant shopping centre which is one of the best places to visit in uk during christmas .

Name: windsor castle
Timings: pmlocation windsor sl4 1nj uk .
Description: windsor castle yes this is the place where the british royal family resides specifically queen elizabeth and her husband phillip which makes it one of the most significant places to visit in uk for families the castle located in berkshire represents a long line of the british monarchy and is a piece of art first built in the 11th century the place has been since then renovated time and again the castle is built in the gothic style and has hosted many significant political figures of the 21st century like president obama .

Name: giant s causeway
Timings: best indian restaurants in london.
Entry Fee: to visit the site .
Description: giant s causeway made entirely of basalt columns this natural phenomenon is one of the most unique places to visit in uk located on the shores of northern ireland the place has been declared as a world heritage site it is interesting that most these columns here are hexagonal however some of them have five eight seven or four sides as well it is one of the cheap places to visit in uk as you will be charged no .

Name: peak district national park
Timings: all year roundlocation.
Description: peak district shutterstock one of the greatest destinations in the uk is the peak district national park situated in england this place is perfect for a weekend getaway visitors can rent a cottage here and have an enthralling camping experience you can rent bikes and ride across the mountain areas or go hill walking while visiting go stargazing with your loved ones .

Name: cheddar gorge
Location: village of cheddar.
Timings: all year roundlocation.
Description: cheddar gorge shutterstock this place is the ideal .

Name: orkney islands
Timings: may to septemberlocation.
Description: the orkney islands shutterstock if you love the wilderness the orkney islands are among the greatest destinations to travel in the uk it offers a diverse range of wildlife if you are lucky you might find whales seals and puffins here visitors can also see the northern light here .

Name: pembrokeshire
Timings: all year roundlocation.
Description: pembrokeshire shutterstock pembrokeshire is one of the most picturesque villages in the united kingdom being the only coastal national park in the uk it s a popular vacation spot for nature enthusiasts while you are here go hiking along the popular coastal route water sports enthusiasts can go swimming in one of the many gorgeous beaches in pembrokeshire for a wholesome experience make sure to add pembrokeshire to your itinerary to your bucket list .

Name: the cotswolds shutterstock
Location: england.
Timings: all year roundlocation.
Description: the cotswolds shutterstock situated in the central of england it s one of the largest areas with stunning landscapes if you are looking for a perfect escape from the hustle and bustle of the cityscape this is a countryside in the united kingdom with charming villages and cozy local pubs this is the ideal .

Name: edinburgh castle
Timings: spring and autumn season.
Description: old town edinburgh the city of edinburgh is a historic city full of culture and stories which makes it one of the great places to visit in the uk during winter the city is dotted with buildings forts and alleyways dating back hundreds of years you can visit the edinburgh castle here located on an extinct volcano which houses the crown jewels apart from that the royal mile a street full of pubs restaurant joints shops and galleries is one of the perfect places to visit in winter .
