Name: buen retiro park
Location: plaza de la independencia.
Timings: 6 am to 10 pm.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: buen retiro park literally translating itself into the park of pleasant retreat the buen retiro park is one of the best places to visit in madrid for those who re looking forward to spending some time in peace and quiet these royal gardens span over an area of about 350 acres and offer some engaging activities such as boating art exhibitions and more .

Name: palacio de cristal
Location: paseo república de cuba.
Timings: 10 am to 10 pm.
Entry Fee: 10 euros.
Description: palacio de cristal though this magical monument is located inside the buen retiro park it deserves a special mention on our listing as well as on your bucket list considered to be one of the favourite places to visit in madrid for the locals and tourists alike palacio de cristal is completely made out of glass and metal which serves as the best site to showcase the charm of flora and fauna during public exhibitions .

Name: puerta de alcalá
Location: plaza de la independencia.
Timings: monday to sunday 24 hours.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: puerta de alcalá the term puerta de alcalá is derived from the root of alcalá which in arabic literally translates into a citadel and that is how this glorious gate which served as the main entrance to spain during the early 16th century received its present name as iconic as it stands it is indeed one of the most historically significant monuments of spain .

Name: market of san miguel
Location: the market of san miguel.
Timings: 10 am to 2 am.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: market of san miguel enjoying a bustling central .

Name: mariblanca
Location: c mayor c alcala.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: la puerta del sol serving as the merging point for the busiest streets of calle alcalá calle arenal calle preciados and calle mayor puerta del sol is one of the historical squares of madrid housing some of the best landmarks in the city like the clock of casa de correos the bear and strawberry tree statue and the statue of mariblanca puerta del sol is indeed one of the top places to visit in madrid .

Name: plaza de españa
Location: western end of the gran via plaza de españa.
Timings: 24 hours on all days.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: plaza de españa much famed to be one of the busiest squares in madrid plaza de españa is where one can observe the lifestyle of a true spanish local located in a central area wherein the princesa streets and the gran vía merge this spanish square is very popular among travelers across the world for featuring some of the best monuments in the city from the tallest skyscraper of torre de madrid and the eminent poet of miguel de cervantes saavedra s statue to the hyped buildings of palacio de liria and the iconic cerralbo museum plaza de españa has it all that you just can t miss .

Name: las ventas
Location: calle de alcalá.
Timings: 6 am to 10 30 pm.
Entry Fee: 5 90 euros or inr 445.
Description: las ventas on a touring spree in madrid and not exploring the bullring of las ventas is like holding a pizza in hand and not grabbing a bite watching a bullfight by far is one of the craziest things to do in madrid spain las ventas is one of the top places to visit in madrid in 3 days as it is serving as an emblem of madrid additionally it features a museum and a chapel dedicated to the virgen de la paloma and the virgen de guadalupe the patrons of madrid and mexico respectively also the bullfighting arena of las ventas is considered to be the most vital one in the whole world .

Name: madrid zoo aquarium
Location: casa de campo 28011 madrid.
Timings: 10 30 am to 8 30 pm.
Entry Fee: free ticket office.
Description: the madrid zoo aquarium if you are wondering what to see in madrid in one day of all the places to visit in madrid the zoo aquarium is one fine place that makes every traveller feel like staying there forever the charm of animals is such that everyone tends to fall in love with them at this fascinating place home to more than 3000 species of animals one can easily spot the celebrity pandas the fiery atlas lions majestic white siberian tigers and cute little koalas other animals like the mambas flamingos zebras rhinoceroses dolphins sharks and giraffes can also be spotted at the madrid zoo aquarium .

Name: palacio real
Location: calle de bailén 28071 madrid.
Timings: april to september 10 am to 8 pm.
Entry Fee: 15 euros.
Description: royal palace of madrid post the moorish castle was destroyed in 1734 by a tragic fire the royal palace of madrid or the palacio real was built on the very site where it stands today considered to be one of the main aspects of madrid spain sightseeing one can still adore the walls of the old city around the palace site which was once named meaning the of water then as mayrit later as magerit and finally as madrid .

Name: museo nacional del prado
Location: paseo del prado 28014 madrid.
Timings: monday to saturday 10 am to 8 pm.
Entry Fee: 24 euros.
Description: museo nacional del prado originally meant to be a site for the national museum of history the museo nacional del prado is an attraction of great historical significance which makes it one of the best places to visit in madrid housing some of the world s greatest masterpieces of artists like that of rembrandt goya van dyck velázquez titian el greco and bosch one can stay assured of being dazzled by the amusing painting dating back to 11th to 18th century .

Name: temple of debod
Location: calle ferraz 1 28008 madrid.
Timings: 10 am to 2 pm.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: temple of debod it is believed that the temple of debod was presented as a token of thanks by the former egyptian president gamal abdel nasser to the archaeological team of spain considered to be one of the unusual places to visit in madrid the team saved this iconic temple from getting destroyed under the roaring waters of lake nasser in egypt and is now located in the heart of parque del oeste in madrid .

Name: royal chapel of st anthony of la florida
Location: glorieta san antonio de la florida.
Timings: tuesday to sunday am to pm.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: royal chapel of st anthony of la florida an artist rarely gets to rest in the place that he created himself talking about the royal chapel of st anthony of la florida in madrid this chapel houses some of the incredible works of francisco goya the romantic painter of spain his work which reflects in the creative frescoes of the church majorly portrays the life of the church s patron saint st anthony not only that the church also comprises the remains of francisco goya who was buried right in front of the altar .

Name: museo nacional centro de arte reina sofía
Location: calle de santa.
Timings: 10 am to 9 pm.
Entry Fee: 10 euros.
Description: museo nacional centro de arte reina sofía located in the heart of madrid at the art walk the museum of reina sofía showcases some of the best modern and contemporary artworks of legendary artists like juan gris miró and dalí with its creative nouvel building and attractive sabatini building travellers flock to this art museum to witness guernica which happens to be the best of picasso s masterpieces .

Name: teatro real madrid the royal theatre
Location: plaza de isabel.
Timings: 10 30 am to 1 pm.
Entry Fee: 8 euros.
Description: teatro real madrid the royal theatre teatro real or el real as it is much famed this extraordinary opera house is one of the most fascinating places to visit in madrid considered to be one of the best theatres in the entire europe the royal theatre delivers performances by leading artists from the industry of music dance and theatre with a seating capacity of more than people this cultural establishment also offers tours to all travellers alike in various languages as well .

Name: círculo de bellas artes
Location: calle de alcalá.
Timings: 11 am to 1 30 pm and 5 pm to 7 pm.
Entry Fee: 1 euro or inr 75 per person 3 euros or inr 225.
Description: círculo de bellas artes emilio diego delso for wikimediacommons be it literature or philosophy visual arts or fine arts science or performing arts círculo de bellas artes opens innovative talent with open arms though this concept might be new to most travellers around this private institution gained much fame once it was declared the official centre for protection of the fine arts and public interest in 1880 moreover the mesmerizing skyline views of madrid city from its rooftop and relishing some authentic cuisine from the rooftop restaurant make it one of the places to visit in madrid in 2 days .

Name: barrio de la latina
Location: plaza de la cebada 28005.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: barrio de la latina narrow streets spacious squares and old islamic walls pretty much constitute the homely and warm environs of this neighbouring street of barrio de la latina in madrid representing the old times and the cultural heritage this neighbourhood is a for everyone who s up for delicious tapas shopping music dance scenes and beer of course having said that make sure you avoid visiting la latina during weekends unless you don t mind the crowd .

Name: plaza mayor
Location: calle gerona.
Timings: monday to sunday am to pm.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: plaza mayor originally christened as the plaza del arrabal plaza mayor is a public and the most famous square in all of madrid boasting a uniform classic and intense architecture by juan de villanueva this grand arcade along with its northern block of casa de la panadería is one of the best places to visit in madrid spain .

Name: the royal site of san lorenzo de el escorial
Location: 28200 san lorenzo de el escorial madrid.
Timings: april to september 10 am to 8 pm.
Entry Fee: 10 euros.
Description: the royal site of san lorenzo de el escorial a historical monument that took the architects of juan bautista de toledo and juan de herrera in order more than 20 years of construction the royal site of san lorenzo de el escorial is the most eminent of all madrid spain attractions standing tall as a witness to the great spanish renaissance el escorial happens to be one of the greatest architectural monuments of spain .

Name: catedral de sta maria la real de la almudena
Location: calle de bailén.
Timings: 10 am to 9 pm.
Entry Fee: free.
Description: catedral de sta maria la real de la almudena being one of the greatest contributors to madrid spain tourism catedral de sta maria la real de la almudena is the prime diocese of madrid it took almost 110 years to be constructed inaugurated and consecrated owing to such a delay due to political factors it is indeed one of the most remarkable landmarks of spain adding to its glory it stands tall as the only spanish cathedral that has ever been consecrated by his grace pope john paul ii it is one of the free places to visit in madrid .

Name: plaza de cibeles
Location: 28014 madrid.
Timings: 20 am to 8 pm.
Entry Fee: 2 euros.
Description: plaza de cibeles housing the legendary and the notable cibeles fountain and the remarkable cybele palace plaza de cibeles is the most iconic monument of spain located at the crossroads of the districts of salamanca retiro and centro plaza de cibeles is also home to the buenavista palace linares palace and the striking bank of spain .
