Name: st george s castle
Location: castelo lisboa portugalentry.
Entry Fee: 700.
Description: st george s castle2 jeronimos monastery3 the lisbon oceanarium4 monserrate palace5 sintra national palace6 news museum7 evora cathedral8 porto bridge9 cais da ribeira10 roman temple11 medieval village st george s castle david broad for wikimedia commons this is one of the best attractions that define portugal travel and is one of the most popular places to visit in lisbon it is located near alfama on the crown of a hill and its battlements museums and stunning archaeology make this castle a place for every tourist it is one of the top places to visit in portugal .

Name: jeronimos monastery
Location: praça do império lisboa portugalentry.
Entry Fee: 800.
Description: jeronimos monastery waldomiguez by pixabay no portugal holidays can be complete without visiting the jeronimos monastery which is a unesco world heritage site in lisbon it is an absolutely stunning monument which is a reflection of the rich history and culture of the region .

Name: lisbon oceanarium
Location: esplanada dom carlos i lisboa portugalentry.
Entry Fee: 800.
Description: the lisbon oceanarium nathsegato by pixabay this is one of the most interesting places to visit in europe especially when one is traveling with their family it is one of the largest and finest aquariums in europe and houses many species of fish and other marine animals it is one of the best places to visit in portugal for young adults .

Name: monserrate palace
Location: sintra portugalentry.
Entry Fee: 700.
Description: monserrate palace no list of portugal points of interest can be complete without mentioning the beautiful gardens of monserrate if you are in portugal for your honeymoon then this has to top your list strolling here with your partner on a sunny day is one of the most romantic things you can do in portugal .

Name: sintra national palace
Location: largo rainha dona amélia sintra portugalentry.
Entry Fee: portugal resorts .
Description: sintra national palace if you are wondering what to see in portugal this has to be on your list a pair of conical chimneys distinguishes the exterior of sintra national palace it was built for the erstwhile king joão i in the 14th century and is the oldest surviving palace in portugal .

Name: news museum
Location: castelo lisboa portugalentry.
Description: news museum sourceone of the most fascinating places to see in portugal is the news museum which is located in the same building as the toy museum it exhibits the role played by news media and communications in the modern world .

Name: evora cathedral
Location: largo do marquês de marialva.
Entry Fee: portugal honeymoon.
Description: evora cathedral despite its austere exterior you will be surprised with the interiors the weathered granite façade has been strong since 1204 the structure resembles a fortress and is accentuated by a pair of imposing asymmetrical bell towers .

Name: porto bridge climb
Location: porto portugalentry.
Description: porto bridge one of the most places to visit in portugal is the porto bridge the porto bridge climb conducts guided tours of this iconic structure with participants attired in harness and secure lifeline in order to scale the lofty heights safely and comfortably .

Name: cais da ribeira
Location: cais da ribeira porto portugalentry.
Entry Fee: na suggested read airports in europe .
Description: cais da ribeira nathsegato by pixabay portugal travel can be seen best in the beautiful riverside quarters of porto which is an alluring labyrinth of narrow winding streets zigzagging alleyways and arcades the praça da ribeira or more commonly known as the riverfront square is a famous meeting point for youngsters in the area and is a very beautiful city in portugal .

Name: roman temple
Location: largo.
Entry Fee: 700.
Description: roman temple one of the most famous religious places to visit in portugal is the roman temple which is also known as the temple of diana the roman goddess though the legend persists like the misnomer the fact remains that this temple is a crowd puller and a place for travelers it is one of the best places to visit in portugal with family .

Name: medieval village jackmac
Location: encontro 2 sortelha portugalentry.
Entry Fee: rs pay.
Description: medieval village jackmac by pixabay sortelha a tiny village in portugal displays the true essence of medieval times and one can only wander through the streets to find out more the caste that shadows most of the region of this village presents a great vibe for all the history buffs and one will surely need some sturdy sports shoes to trek through the remnants of this historic site .
