Name: opera house
Location: kirsten flagstands pl 1 oslo.
Timings: 10 8 pm.
Description: the norwegian national opera ballet suggested read you can soon enjoy 360 degree views of northern lights from svart hotel in norway the famous opera house is designed in a way that it tricks people into believing it is rising from the water it organises its shows on three lavishly designed stages the main house the second house and the studio its majestic windows give pedestrians a glimpse of the fancy interiors making it one of the top norway tourist attractions .

Name: tusenfryd amusement park
Location: winterbro norway.
Timings: 6 pm.
Entry Fee: 1700.
Description: tusenfryd amusement park it is one of the foremost norway attractions and most famous amusement park in the world it is home to more than 30 attractions such as speedmonster supersplash thundercoaster and spaceshot during summers you can also enjoy the water park known as badefryd which has a pool a river for swimming and an exciting waterslide .

Name: akershus fortress
Location: 1 oslo 0015 norway.
Timings: am 6 pm.
Description: akershus fortress suggested read 10 things that turn norway honeymoon into a dreamy beginning for any couple this is a great addition to any norway sightseeing tour especially for the history buffs this building was constructed in 1299 under the orders of king hakon the fifth and prevented the city from many sieges throughout the years norway tours generally include a guided tour of this fortress that also plays host to a great many concerts and ceremonies .

Name: tromso university museum
Location: lars thoringsvei 10 tromso 9037 norway.
Timings: 10 am pm.
Description: tromso university museum this museum displays various interesting facts about the locals staying in norway the sami tromso university museum also exhibits the most famous norway point of interest the northern lights it is one of those fascinating places to visit in norway that should be on everyone s list .

Name: arctic cathedral
Location: hans nilsens veg 41 tromsdalen.
Timings: 1 6 pm.
Entry Fee: inr 423 .
Description: arctic cathedral suggested read cabin vindehim in norway is a divine stay peeking out of tons of snow if you are thinking what to see in norway then get to the arctic cathedral another one of the famous norway attractions it is renowned for its striking architecture that is both modern and beautiful the enormous and majestic stained glass window reflects the resurrection of jesus christ and makes this church one of the best norway tourist attractions .

Name: the science center of northern norway this houses the biggest norwegian planetarium
Location: hansine hansens veg 17 9019 tromsø.
Timings: 4 pm.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: the science center of northern norway this houses the biggest norwegian planetarium and gives visitors a chance to look at the northern lights up and close tourists also have the option to explore universal phenomenons on various topics related to climate environment and energy it features prominently in all lists of norway places to visit .

Name: tromsø botanic garden
Location: bergen.
Description: tromsø botanic garden suggested read this misty road along the rapids in odda valley norway is perfect for a drive to remember this garden houses a unique collection of the flora of northern norway and is one of the most interesting places to visit in norway flowering season starts in may and continues till october the most fascinating sights here are purple saxifrage and yellow cushion plants pasque flowers and a variety of flowering bulbs .

Name: bryggen hanseatic wharf
Location: bryggen 5003 bergen norway.
Timings: 9 am 4pm.
Description: colorful bryggen hanseatic wharf it is one of the most famous norway destinations the narrow streets and antique houses of wood numerous eateries studios and workshops are literally asking to be explored when you are there do not miss out on the interesting bryggen museum which has on display many artefacts from the 14th century .

Name: bergenhus fortress museum
Location: vågen 5003 bergen norway.
Timings: 11 am.
Description: the bergenhus fortress suggested read this sled hotel in finland lets you move around for the best views of northern lights this fascinating scandinavian fortress dominates the entry to bergens harbor since the 16th century when here one must spend some time in the popular bergenhus fortress museum that displays the contribution of women and many resistance groups during the german attacks .

Name: hakon hall
Location: near tusenfryd.
Timings: 10 am to pm.
Entry Fee: No.
Description: bergen s royal residence the hakon hall was constructed for king hakon hakonsson in the 13th century built next to the rosenkrantz tower this exquisite structure has been extended many times as a reflection of their power and fortification .
