Name: citadel of alba iulia the citadel of alba iulia
Location: coronation cathedral.
Description: citadel of alba iulia the citadel of alba iulia is one of the most famous places to visit in romania the key attractions include fantastic museums inside the ancient fortification two fabulous cathedrals wonderful sculptures and bars where you can sit and enjoy the views the walk between the inner and outer walls is fantastic there are gardens water fountains restaurants and palaces to visit here if you want you can take a bus tour around the site or hire a bicycle the views of this city and the surrounding countryside will take your breath away highly recommended for a perfect family trip plan .

Name: this museum
Location: merry cemetery.
Description: memorial of the victims of communism and of the resistance this museum gives an excellent insight into a recent dark period in romanian history it is an on the communist period of romania after world war ii until 1989 although it is not an easy place to visit because it speaks of such tragedy it offers enough insight into the sufferings of the past it is invaluable to maintain the memory of those times and educate the new generations and for that the memorial of the victims of communism and the resistance is amongst the tourist places to be visited in romania at least once .

Name: torre do relogio torre do relogio museum
Location: strada turnului sighisoara.
Description: torre do relogio torre do relogio museum is full of interesting pieces of history from the medieval ages it is located at the center of the old town and is next to the birthplace of vlad dracula this museum has an easy walk to the viewing deck and every floor of this museum has a surprise for the tourists it is suggested not to miss watching the clock mechanism on the tour which is a specialty of this place and makes it one of the best places to visit in romania .

Name: sighisoara historic centre
Location: sighisoara.
Description: sighisoara historic centre this place is a sight with its charming old town beautiful colored houses and clock tower the entire look of the place looks amazing it comprises of some exceptionally beautiful cobbled streets historic buildings churches and also picturesque small square at the heart of the city with its narrow winding streets and exclusive buildings this historic center of sighisoara is likely to be one of the best places to visit in romania without fail .

Name: sighisoara
Location: sighisoara historic center.
Description: church on the hill cool and quiet this unique church is located in a high place above the old town of sighisoara and remains one of the perfect and places to visit in romania with family you can easily go down the crypt and wander among the pews and the historic exhibits throughout it is highly suggested to take the covered staircase to the church on the hill to view the beautiful frescos and also the old bell in this lovely church spend time to explore the church you will find here many interesting features to admire .

Name: the dracula investigation
Location: church on the hill.
Description: the dracula investigation this is a fun educational and enigmatic place that comes under the top 10 places to visit in romania the dracula investigation tells vlad tepes history in a modern way this is probably the only attraction that does not rely on the cheap props and jump scares it actually informs and entertains the travelers well worth a visit if you happen to drop by sighisoara .

Name: danube delta
Location: tulcea romaniakey attractions braila city tour science museum.
Description: danube delta by visiting the danube delta you will have an opportunity to discover a fully preserved nature and protect that at the same time all the organized activities in the delta are part of an important ecotourism program the highlights are the birds egrettes pelicans swans cormorants besides the landscape they offer surprises with dry sandy areas to others with the forest that you can cross on a cart .

Name: painted monasteries of bucovina the painted monasteries
Location: suceava romaniakey attractions moldovita monastery.
Description: painted monasteries of bucovina the painted monasteries are located in the northeast area and truly sights in romania they deserve to be seen pretty unique and certainly worthy of being a unesco world heritage site the only thing to be kept in mind is that you should be dressed modestly while exploring this place .

Name: sarmizegetusa regia
Location: about 20 km away from sarmizegetusa regia.
Description: sarmizegetusa regia located on top of a mountain at an elevation of meters the historic area is filled with ruins like the one sanctuary reminiscent of stonehenge in england the road to the site is amazing talking about the site it is well preserved and the landmarks are best explained overall this place is quiet and peaceful therefore remains a .

Name: old sulina cemetery
Location: dashashwamedh ghat.
Description: sulina beach sulina is truly a small paradise that one needs to see with one s own eyes and is surely one of the most important places to visit in romania the beach is long and wide with extremely fine and white sand the sea is black from the combination of the black sea with danube delta on the road to the beach don t forget to visit the old sulina cemetery which is about 2 kilometers from the beach and also have a walk to the danube and see the old buildings as well as old boats .

