Name: plitvice lakes national park
Location: the southern part of the croatian coastplaces.
Description: dubrovnik suggested read plitvice lakes national park in croatia is the dreamy world of waterfalls remember these steps cersei walked down these very stairs of dubrovnik all you got fans out there this is our very own king s landing thus topping the listing of places to visit in croatia this city reeks of the late renaissance period adorned with the houses from that period on both sides of the street this unesco world heritage site is often referred to as the pearl of the adriatic this late medieval walled city has beautiful churches monasteries fountains and palaces and is an intricate blend of gothic and baroque architecture suggested read croatia national parks 10 escapes to enjoy the astounding wonders of nature .

Name: fortress and cathedral
Location: hvar paklinski islands.
Description: hvar suggested read croatia nightlife 16 best party places to dance the night away wouldn t it be enticing to get lost in the scent of lavender hvar which is often called the island of lavender is known for its vineyards and lavender fields apart from its fortress and cathedral reminding one of the renaissance this island in croatia is amongst the most beautiful fortified harbors exhibiting its walls you can find some of the most beautiful croatia vacation spots right here its warm summers and mild winters make it a destination and amongst the top places to visit in croatia a haven for theatre enthusiasts it has europe s oldest public theatre which was constructed in 1612 .

Name: jarun lake
Location: zagreb.
Description: zagreb godex by flickr suggested read honeymoon in croatia all you need to plan an incredible escape it is the capital city of croatia and one of the largest it is a beautiful old town dotted with museums and art galleries zagreb is the heart of croatia s culture it is a perfect blend of art gastronomy music culture and architecture the jarun lake located in its vicinity has some of the most sensational lakeside discos .

Name: trogir is a unesco protected historic city
Location: trogir cipiko palace central square.
Description: trogir confined within the medieval walls trogir is a unesco protected historic city it is located on an island and is connected to the mainland through bridges it is a paragon of different styles of architecture one can find romanesque baroque and renaissance styled buildings here through its tiny size it holds for its travelers a colossal of charm .

Name: bars and wineries
Location: waterfront cathedral of st domnius marjan hill.
Description: split suggested read 14 essential europe travel tips for the newbies it is the second largest city of croatia and a cultural hub too split has some of the most picturesque beaches with white sands and turquoise waters which make them utopian this modern hub boasts of a rich intriguing history this port city today has some of the choicest bars and wineries .

Name: zadar neufal54
Location: zadar church of st donatus zadar cathedral.
Description: zadar neufal54 by pixabay zadar is still an unexplored region of pure beauty and sumptuous history it is still an uncharted territory compared to other parts of croatia but that does not make it inaccessible it is well connected through all modes of transportation like boats buses trains cars and even flights .

Name: black korčula
Location: korčula korcula old city.
Description: korčula suggested read app to the rescue croatia getting a handy boat service to fix its commuting problem it is a croatian island covered in olive groves pine forests and vineyards the dense woodlands made the greek settlers call it the black korčula it is adorned by coves and sandy beaches towards the south and pebbled beaches in the north korčula is known to have preserved its folklore in fact even you can be a part of its ancient religious ceremonies and enjoy traditional dance and music that lures in travelers from around the world .

Name: rovinj momonator
Location: rovinj heritage museum.
Description: rovinj momonator by pixabay situated on a hilly peninsula by the sea it is a beautiful mediterranean fishing port this archipelago of 14 islands have cobbled streets giving it the feel of a romantic old town it is one of the exotic places in croatia but today it is a major attraction for tourists with its comfortable hotels and amazing restaurants it is a perfect mix of rural and urban making it one of the best places to go in croatia for couples .

Name: roman amphitheater
Location: pula temple of augustus arch.
Description: pula suggested read 50 amazing travel experiences around the world boasting of a roman amphitheater renowned for hosting gladiator fights in the past pula is a beautiful city located in the istrian peninsula of croatia a great example of croatia s architectural beauty it showcases roman ruins and exhibits the cultural and historical influences of italy when deciding on the things to see in croatia you can not leave this out .

Name: vis tripadvisor
Location: europe.
Description: vis tripadvisor vis is the farthest island in the adriatic sea it is one of the offbeat places to visit in croatia owing to its unspoiled .

