Name: main market square
Location: paris to the venice canals.
Description: wonderful main market square this is the first amongst poland destinations you should start your visit in krakow with main market square is the largest medieval market in europe and a famous hub of social life for youth and young tourists traveling from around the world a busy urban space today it dates back to the 13th century .

Name: the memorial and museum
Location: więźniów.
Timings: am pm .
Description: the memorial and museum it is built in the honour of approximately 1 5 million people exterminated here during the second world war today this museum serves as an important historical area left exactly as it was when the nazis abandoned it complete with gas chamber ruins that makes it one of the foremost places to visit in poland .

Name: sufkiennence st mary basilica
Location: old town krakow.
Description: krakow old town the main square of krakow is the largest in central europe and serves as the center of the city s political and social life since the middle ages it is the best place for poland tourism for its amazing renaissance feels reflected in the sufkiennence st mary basilica and artsy cafes and bars infact krakow has one of the world s most beautiful street owing to its wonderful architecture .

Name: royal castle
Location: więźniów.
Timings: am pm .
Description: royal castle located in the old town on the beautiful castle square it housed polish royalty between the 16th and the 18th century it was rebuilt in the 1980 s after being destroyed in the second world war don t miss out on the the series of portraits of polish kings and 23 paintings of warsaw .

Name: the museum of the history of polish jews
Location: 6 warszawa poland.
Timings: disney magic cruise.
Description: the museum of the history of polish jews compared to other places to visit in poland it has opened in recent times and is an interactive museum which serves as a centre of culture various events workshops debates and lectures are held here this is one of the places in poland that is notable for the depiction of the old history of polish jews .

Name: palace of culture and science
Location: plac defilad 1 warsaw poland.
Timings: am pm .
Description: palace of culture and science if you are wondering what to see in poland this should be one of the first few items on your checklist it was gifted by stalin and is a long building that is inspired the empire state building it is today a centre for various events such as concerts theatrical performances sports clubs and cultural activities this is surely one of the most famous places to visit in poland for your next trip .

Name: the vistula river beach
Location: european.
Description: the vistula river beach the vistula acts as a district of entertainment and recreational activities in the middle of warsaw the beach stretch of natural grasslands and various indigenous species of birds make this area a spectacular point to chill in the city with its vibrant colours and magical atmosphere this place surely tops the list of most beautiful places to visit in poland .

Name: ostrów tumski
Location: ostrow tumski wroclaw poland.
Timings: 9 popular animals in the country you must witness.
Description: ostrów tumski this stunning island is one of the oldest areas in wroclaw bound by the river oder there are many prominent monuments on this island such as the cathedral of saint john the baptist restored after world war ii the holy cross and saint bartholomew s collegiate the place has some fantastic architecture be charmed by the aesthetic and historic buildings here .

Name: rynek
Location: switzerland mountains.
Description: rynek this market square is located in the heart of wroclaw and features the cloth hall and the town hall with elements of gothic and renaissance architecture visiting the rynek is an important part of your itinerary on poland travel and amongst the best places to visit in poland .

Name: historical museum of wroclaw
Location: 35 wrocław.
Timings: am pm .
Entry Fee: poland.
Description: the royal palace the royal palace is home to the historical museum of wroclaw which shows the historical traditions of the city through interactive exhibitions such as wroclaw s millennium the baroque style garden and royal apartments in this palace makes it one of places to visit in poland .

Name: białowieża forest
Location: grodno and brest regions.
Description: białowieża forest covering a region of more than kilometres białowieża forest is amongst the most raw and untouched form of scenic beauty that you can visit in poland and is also listed amongst the unesco world heritage sites having a wide variety of trees such as oaks as old as 500 years are the speciality of this region if you re lucky you can spot one of the many wild creatures present here including golden eagles european bison and deer .

Name: wieliczka salt mine
Location: jana mikołaja daniłowicza.
Description: wieliczka salt mine another one of the unesco sites wieliczka salt mine has been open since the time of middle ages and takes about 2 hours to tour the entire place this mine goes as deep as 140 feet under the ground level and has plenty of stairs which will help burn some calories the experience of traveling through this stunning site also feels like moving towards the centre of the earth as per some travelers .

Name: bydgoszcz pantheon
Location: bydgoszcz poland.
Description: bydgoszcz known to have some of the finest universities and colleges abode bydgoszcz in poland is a must visit cosmopolitan city it s one of those places where you can pamper the artist in you by exploring the various theatres and music centres in the city don t miss out on nicolaus copernicus square and bydgoszcz pantheon while you re here .

Name: shipyards
Location: gdansk poland.
Description: gdansk famous as the place where the solidarity movement in poland started gdansk is a must visit spot for its shipyards a boat trip around the port will let you witness some of the finest views and you can surely head straight to try some polish beer while you re here what s more is that the royal route and the old town have some surprising hidden secrets for travelers to explore .

Name: malbork europe s most splendid castles
Location: kalachakra temple in mcleodganj.
Description: malbork europe s most splendid castles with all their glory and charm can be found in the quaint town of malbork with a serene view from each of the historical and architectural sites to visit in this place this place has something in store for every kind of traveler don t forget to stop by at some of the local shops to indulge in the authentic flavours of this place .

